b'You have used all of your 550 Free Dyno hours for January 2018.

  * If you verify your account with a credit card, you can receive 450 more Free Dyno hours a month.
  * One or more of your Free Dyno apps are becoming more popular. Upgrade your app to Hobby dynos for $7 per dyno per month so it never sleeps and users can access it 24/7.
  * A monitoring service could unintentionally be keeping your app awake. Run 
    
        heroku logs -t

to view your app's logs to see if this is the case and remove Pingdom, New
Relic or other availability monitoring services that are not required for a
free app

  * Your application may not have a web dyno at all. Once worker-only apps are started, they run 24/7. You can avoid this by upgrading to a hobby dyno, or by manually scaling down your application

Dyno sleeping lets us provide you and millions of other users with a free tier
for experimenting, hacking on personal projects and running low traffic apps.
We're here to help and would love to hear from you or answer any questions at
help.heroku.com. Happy coding, Heroku' b' |  |

# ![heroku](https://s3.amazonaws.com/heroku.newsletter/heroku-logo.png)

You have used all of your 550 Free Dyno hours for January 2018.

If you verify your account with a credit card, you can receive 450 more Free
Dyno hours a month.

One or more of your Free Dyno apps are becoming more popular. Upgrade your app
to Hobby dynos for $7 per dyno per month so it never sleeps and users can
access it 24/7. A monitoring service could unintentionally be keeping your app
awake. Run heroku logs -t to view your app's logs to see if this is the case
and remove Pingdom, New Relic or other availability monitoring services that
are not required for a free app Your application may not have a web dyno at
all. Once worker-only apps are started, they run 24/7. You can avoid this by
upgrading to a hobby dyno, or by manually scaling down your application

Dyno sleeping lets us provide you and millions of other users with a free tier
for experimenting, hacking on personal projects and running low traffic apps.

We're here to help and would love to hear from you or answer any questions at
help.heroku.com.

Happy coding,

Heroku

![](https://telex.heroku.com/user/notifications/7e60b8d0-e7c3-4130-8fbc-
cb165316069f/read.png)  
---  
' b'You have used all of your 550 Free Dyno hours for January 2018.

  * If you verify your account with a credit card, you can receive 450 more Free Dyno hours a month.
  * One or more of your Free Dyno apps are becoming more popular. Upgrade your app to Hobby dynos for $7 per dyno per month so it never sleeps and users can access it 24/7.
  * A monitoring service could unintentionally be keeping your app awake. Run 
    
        heroku logs -t

to view your app's logs to see if this is the case and remove Pingdom, New
Relic or other availability monitoring services that are not required for a
free app

  * Your application may not have a web dyno at all. Once worker-only apps are started, they run 24/7. You can avoid this by upgrading to a hobby dyno, or by manually scaling down your application

Dyno sleeping lets us provide you and millions of other users with a free tier
for experimenting, hacking on personal projects and running low traffic apps.
We're here to help and would love to hear from you or answer any questions at
help.heroku.com. Happy coding, Heroku' b' |  |

# ![heroku](https://s3.amazonaws.com/heroku.newsletter/heroku-logo.png)

You have used all of your 550 Free Dyno hours for January 2018.

If you verify your account with a credit card, you can receive 450 more Free
Dyno hours a month.

One or more of your Free Dyno apps are becoming more popular. Upgrade your app
to Hobby dynos for $7 per dyno per month so it never sleeps and users can
access it 24/7. A monitoring service could unintentionally be keeping your app
awake. Run heroku logs -t to view your app's logs to see if this is the case
and remove Pingdom, New Relic or other availability monitoring services that
are not required for a free app Your application may not have a web dyno at
all. Once worker-only apps are started, they run 24/7. You can avoid this by
upgrading to a hobby dyno, or by manually scaling down your application

Dyno sleeping lets us provide you and millions of other users with a free tier
for experimenting, hacking on personal projects and running low traffic apps.

We're here to help and would love to hear from you or answer any questions at
help.heroku.com.

Happy coding,

Heroku

![](https://telex.heroku.com/user/notifications/7e60b8d0-e7c3-4130-8fbc-
cb165316069f/read.png)  
---  
'

b'You have used all of your 550 Free Dyno hours for January 2018.

  * If you verify your account with a credit card, you can receive 450 more Free Dyno hours a month.
  * One or more of your Free Dyno apps are becoming more popular. Upgrade your app to Hobby dynos for $7 per dyno per month so it never sleeps and users can access it 24/7.
  * A monitoring service could unintentionally be keeping your app awake. Run 
    
        heroku logs -t

to view your app's logs to see if this is the case and remove Pingdom, New
Relic or other availability monitoring services that are not required for a
free app

  * Your application may not have a web dyno at all. Once worker-only apps are started, they run 24/7. You can avoid this by upgrading to a hobby dyno, or by manually scaling down your application

Dyno sleeping lets us provide you and millions of other users with a free tier
for experimenting, hacking on personal projects and running low traffic apps.
We're here to help and would love to hear from you or answer any questions at
help.heroku.com. Happy coding, Heroku' b' |  |

# ![heroku](https://s3.amazonaws.com/heroku.newsletter/heroku-logo.png)

You have used all of your 550 Free Dyno hours for January 2018.

If you verify your account with a credit card, you can receive 450 more Free
Dyno hours a month.

One or more of your Free Dyno apps are becoming more popular. Upgrade your app
to Hobby dynos for $7 per dyno per month so it never sleeps and users can
access it 24/7. A monitoring service could unintentionally be keeping your app
awake. Run heroku logs -t to view your app's logs to see if this is the case
and remove Pingdom, New Relic or other availability monitoring services that
are not required for a free app Your application may not have a web dyno at
all. Once worker-only apps are started, they run 24/7. You can avoid this by
upgrading to a hobby dyno, or by manually scaling down your application

Dyno sleeping lets us provide you and millions of other users with a free tier
for experimenting, hacking on personal projects and running low traffic apps.

We're here to help and would love to hear from you or answer any questions at
help.heroku.com.

Happy coding,

Heroku

![](https://telex.heroku.com/user/notifications/7e60b8d0-e7c3-4130-8fbc-
cb165316069f/read.png)  
---  
' b'You have used all of your 550 Free Dyno hours for January 2018.

  * If you verify your account with a credit card, you can receive 450 more Free Dyno hours a month.
  * One or more of your Free Dyno apps are becoming more popular. Upgrade your app to Hobby dynos for $7 per dyno per month so it never sleeps and users can access it 24/7.
  * A monitoring service could unintentionally be keeping your app awake. Run 
    
        heroku logs -t

to view your app's logs to see if this is the case and remove Pingdom, New
Relic or other availability monitoring services that are not required for a
free app

  * Your application may not have a web dyno at all. Once worker-only apps are started, they run 24/7. You can avoid this by upgrading to a hobby dyno, or by manually scaling down your application

Dyno sleeping lets us provide you and millions of other users with a free tier
for experimenting, hacking on personal projects and running low traffic apps.
We're here to help and would love to hear from you or answer any questions at
help.heroku.com. Happy coding, Heroku' b' |  |

# ![heroku](https://s3.amazonaws.com/heroku.newsletter/heroku-logo.png)

You have used all of your 550 Free Dyno hours for January 2018.

If you verify your account with a credit card, you can receive 450 more Free
Dyno hours a month.

One or more of your Free Dyno apps are becoming more popular. Upgrade your app
to Hobby dynos for $7 per dyno per month so it never sleeps and users can
access it 24/7. A monitoring service could unintentionally be keeping your app
awake. Run heroku logs -t to view your app's logs to see if this is the case
and remove Pingdom, New Relic or other availability monitoring services that
are not required for a free app Your application may not have a web dyno at
all. Once worker-only apps are started, they run 24/7. You can avoid this by
upgrading to a hobby dyno, or by manually scaling down your application

Dyno sleeping lets us provide you and millions of other users with a free tier
for experimenting, hacking on personal projects and running low traffic apps.

We're here to help and would love to hear from you or answer any questions at
help.heroku.com.

Happy coding,

Heroku

![](https://telex.heroku.com/user/notifications/7e60b8d0-e7c3-4130-8fbc-
cb165316069f/read.png)  
---  
'

b'You have used all of your 550 Free Dyno hours for January 2018.

  * If you verify your account with a credit card, you can receive 450 more Free Dyno hours a month.
  * One or more of your Free Dyno apps are becoming more popular. Upgrade your app to Hobby dynos for $7 per dyno per month so it never sleeps and users can access it 24/7.
  * A monitoring service could unintentionally be keeping your app awake. Run 
    
        heroku logs -t

to view your app's logs to see if this is the case and remove Pingdom, New
Relic or other availability monitoring services that are not required for a
free app

  * Your application may not have a web dyno at all. Once worker-only apps are started, they run 24/7. You can avoid this by upgrading to a hobby dyno, or by manually scaling down your application

Dyno sleeping lets us provide you and millions of other users with a free tier
for experimenting, hacking on personal projects and running low traffic apps.
We're here to help and would love to hear from you or answer any questions at
help.heroku.com. Happy coding, Heroku' b' |  |

# ![heroku](https://s3.amazonaws.com/heroku.newsletter/heroku-logo.png)

You have used all of your 550 Free Dyno hours for January 2018.

If you verify your account with a credit card, you can receive 450 more Free
Dyno hours a month.

One or more of your Free Dyno apps are becoming more popular. Upgrade your app
to Hobby dynos for $7 per dyno per month so it never sleeps and users can
access it 24/7. A monitoring service could unintentionally be keeping your app
awake. Run heroku logs -t to view your app's logs to see if this is the case
and remove Pingdom, New Relic or other availability monitoring services that
are not required for a free app Your application may not have a web dyno at
all. Once worker-only apps are started, they run 24/7. You can avoid this by
upgrading to a hobby dyno, or by manually scaling down your application

Dyno sleeping lets us provide you and millions of other users with a free tier
for experimenting, hacking on personal projects and running low traffic apps.

We're here to help and would love to hear from you or answer any questions at
help.heroku.com.

Happy coding,

Heroku

![](https://telex.heroku.com/user/notifications/7e60b8d0-e7c3-4130-8fbc-
cb165316069f/read.png)  
---  
' b'You have used all of your 550 Free Dyno hours for January 2018.

  * If you verify your account with a credit card, you can receive 450 more Free Dyno hours a month.
  * One or more of your Free Dyno apps are becoming more popular. Upgrade your app to Hobby dynos for $7 per dyno per month so it never sleeps and users can access it 24/7.
  * A monitoring service could unintentionally be keeping your app awake. Run 
    
        heroku logs -t

to view your app's logs to see if this is the case and remove Pingdom, New
Relic or other availability monitoring services that are not required for a
free app

  * Your application may not have a web dyno at all. Once worker-only apps are started, they run 24/7. You can avoid this by upgrading to a hobby dyno, or by manually scaling down your application

Dyno sleeping lets us provide you and millions of other users with a free tier
for experimenting, hacking on personal projects and running low traffic apps.
We're here to help and would love to hear from you or answer any questions at
help.heroku.com. Happy coding, Heroku' b' |  |

# ![heroku](https://s3.amazonaws.com/heroku.newsletter/heroku-logo.png)

You have used all of your 550 Free Dyno hours for January 2018.

If you verify your account with a credit card, you can receive 450 more Free
Dyno hours a month.

One or more of your Free Dyno apps are becoming more popular. Upgrade your app
to Hobby dynos for $7 per dyno per month so it never sleeps and users can
access it 24/7. A monitoring service could unintentionally be keeping your app
awake. Run heroku logs -t to view your app's logs to see if this is the case
and remove Pingdom, New Relic or other availability monitoring services that
are not required for a free app Your application may not have a web dyno at
all. Once worker-only apps are started, they run 24/7. You can avoid this by
upgrading to a hobby dyno, or by manually scaling down your application

Dyno sleeping lets us provide you and millions of other users with a free tier
for experimenting, hacking on personal projects and running low traffic apps.

We're here to help and would love to hear from you or answer any questions at
help.heroku.com.

Happy coding,

Heroku

![](https://telex.heroku.com/user/notifications/7e60b8d0-e7c3-4130-8fbc-
cb165316069f/read.png)  
---  
'

b'You have used all of your 550 Free Dyno hours for January 2018.

  * If you verify your account with a credit card, you can receive 450 more Free Dyno hours a month.
  * One or more of your Free Dyno apps are becoming more popular. Upgrade your app to Hobby dynos for $7 per dyno per month so it never sleeps and users can access it 24/7.
  * A monitoring service could unintentionally be keeping your app awake. Run 
    
        heroku logs -t

to view your app's logs to see if this is the case and remove Pingdom, New
Relic or other availability monitoring services that are not required for a
free app

  * Your application may not have a web dyno at all. Once worker-only apps are started, they run 24/7. You can avoid this by upgrading to a hobby dyno, or by manually scaling down your application

Dyno sleeping lets us provide you and millions of other users with a free tier
for experimenting, hacking on personal projects and running low traffic apps.
We're here to help and would love to hear from you or answer any questions at
help.heroku.com. Happy coding, Heroku' b' |  |

# ![heroku](https://s3.amazonaws.com/heroku.newsletter/heroku-logo.png)

You have used all of your 550 Free Dyno hours for January 2018.

If you verify your account with a credit card, you can receive 450 more Free
Dyno hours a month.

One or more of your Free Dyno apps are becoming more popular. Upgrade your app
to Hobby dynos for $7 per dyno per month so it never sleeps and users can
access it 24/7. A monitoring service could unintentionally be keeping your app
awake. Run heroku logs -t to view your app's logs to see if this is the case
and remove Pingdom, New Relic or other availability monitoring services that
are not required for a free app Your application may not have a web dyno at
all. Once worker-only apps are started, they run 24/7. You can avoid this by
upgrading to a hobby dyno, or by manually scaling down your application

Dyno sleeping lets us provide you and millions of other users with a free tier
for experimenting, hacking on personal projects and running low traffic apps.

We're here to help and would love to hear from you or answer any questions at
help.heroku.com.

Happy coding,

Heroku

![](https://telex.heroku.com/user/notifications/7e60b8d0-e7c3-4130-8fbc-
cb165316069f/read.png)  
---  
' b'You have used all of your 550 Free Dyno hours for January 2018.

  * If you verify your account with a credit card, you can receive 450 more Free Dyno hours a month.
  * One or more of your Free Dyno apps are becoming more popular. Upgrade your app to Hobby dynos for $7 per dyno per month so it never sleeps and users can access it 24/7.
  * A monitoring service could unintentionally be keeping your app awake. Run 
    
        heroku logs -t

to view your app's logs to see if this is the case and remove Pingdom, New
Relic or other availability monitoring services that are not required for a
free app

  * Your application may not have a web dyno at all. Once worker-only apps are started, they run 24/7. You can avoid this by upgrading to a hobby dyno, or by manually scaling down your application

Dyno sleeping lets us provide you and millions of other users with a free tier
for experimenting, hacking on personal projects and running low traffic apps.
We're here to help and would love to hear from you or answer any questions at
help.heroku.com. Happy coding, Heroku' b' |  |

# ![heroku](https://s3.amazonaws.com/heroku.newsletter/heroku-logo.png)

You have used all of your 550 Free Dyno hours for January 2018.

If you verify your account with a credit card, you can receive 450 more Free
Dyno hours a month.

One or more of your Free Dyno apps are becoming more popular. Upgrade your app
to Hobby dynos for $7 per dyno per month so it never sleeps and users can
access it 24/7. A monitoring service could unintentionally be keeping your app
awake. Run heroku logs -t to view your app's logs to see if this is the case
and remove Pingdom, New Relic or other availability monitoring services that
are not required for a free app Your application may not have a web dyno at
all. Once worker-only apps are started, they run 24/7. You can avoid this by
upgrading to a hobby dyno, or by manually scaling down your application

Dyno sleeping lets us provide you and millions of other users with a free tier
for experimenting, hacking on personal projects and running low traffic apps.

We're here to help and would love to hear from you or answer any questions at
help.heroku.com.

Happy coding,

Heroku

![](https://telex.heroku.com/user/notifications/7e60b8d0-e7c3-4130-8fbc-
cb165316069f/read.png)  
---  
'

