b'The challenge come into play for having an interchange format for languages
that don't support the native gensim binary model but support fasttext binary
models. For example, I would like to use the R fastrtext library, with a model
from gensim - but cannot because there is no support an R. That said
reticulate can be leveraged to load gensim for it to leverage the gensim
model. Another fasttext library could not be used which which requires a
native format. Kind regards, Omar On Wednesday, January 24, 2018 at 1:07:45 AM
UTC-5, Shiva Manne wrote: > > Hi Omar, > > We only have `load_fasttext_format`
right now, which loads a native > `fasttext` binary format file. There is no
support to *save* in binary > format. Could you elaborate more as to why
exactly do you need this? > > -Shiva. > > On Tuesday, 23 January 2018 22:10:48
UTC+5:30, Omar Khan wrote: >> >> Hi - is there a way to save a model as a
native fasttext binary format >> file? >> > \-- You received this message
because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "gensim" group. To unsubscribe
from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an email to
gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options, visit
https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

The challenge come into play for having an interchange format for languages
that don't support the native gensim binary model but support fasttext binary
models.

  
For example, I would like to use the R fastrtext library, with a model from
gensim - but cannot because there is no support an R. That said reticulate can
be leveraged to load gensim for it to leverage the gensim model.Â Another
fasttext library could not be used which which requires a native format.Â

  

Kind regards,

Omar

  
On Wednesday, January 24, 2018 at 1:07:45 AM UTC-5, Shiva Manne wrote:

> Hi Omar,

>

>  
>

>

> We only have `load_fasttext_format` right now, which loads a native
`fasttext` binary format file. There is no support to **save** in binary
format. Could you elaborate more as to why exactly do you need this?Â

>

>  
>

>

> -Shiva.  
>  
> On Tuesday, 23 January 2018 22:10:48 UTC+5:30, Omar Khan wrote:

>

>> Hi - is there a way to save a model as a native fasttext binary format
file?Â

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
' b'The challenge come into play for having an interchange format for
languages that don't support the native gensim binary model but support
fasttext binary models. For example, I would like to use the R fastrtext
library, with a model from gensim - but cannot because there is no support an
R. That said reticulate can be leveraged to load gensim for it to leverage the
gensim model. Another fasttext library could not be used which which requires
a native format. Kind regards, Omar On Wednesday, January 24, 2018 at 1:07:45
AM UTC-5, Shiva Manne wrote: > > Hi Omar, > > We only have
`load_fasttext_format` right now, which loads a native > `fasttext` binary
format file. There is no support to *save* in binary > format. Could you
elaborate more as to why exactly do you need this? > > -Shiva. > > On Tuesday,
23 January 2018 22:10:48 UTC+5:30, Omar Khan wrote: >> >> Hi - is there a way
to save a model as a native fasttext binary format >> file? >> > \-- You
received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "gensim"
group. To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send
an email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options, visit
https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

The challenge come into play for having an interchange format for languages
that don't support the native gensim binary model but support fasttext binary
models.

  
For example, I would like to use the R fastrtext library, with a model from
gensim - but cannot because there is no support an R. That said reticulate can
be leveraged to load gensim for it to leverage the gensim model.Â Another
fasttext library could not be used which which requires a native format.Â

  

Kind regards,

Omar

  
On Wednesday, January 24, 2018 at 1:07:45 AM UTC-5, Shiva Manne wrote:

> Hi Omar,

>

>  
>

>

> We only have `load_fasttext_format` right now, which loads a native
`fasttext` binary format file. There is no support to **save** in binary
format. Could you elaborate more as to why exactly do you need this?Â

>

>  
>

>

> -Shiva.  
>  
> On Tuesday, 23 January 2018 22:10:48 UTC+5:30, Omar Khan wrote:

>

>> Hi - is there a way to save a model as a native fasttext binary format
file?Â

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
' b'The challenge come into play for having an interchange format for
languages that don't support the native gensim binary model but support
fasttext binary models. For example, I would like to use the R fastrtext
library, with a model from gensim - but cannot because there is no support an
R. That said reticulate can be leveraged to load gensim for it to leverage the
gensim model. Another fasttext library could not be used which which requires
a native format. Kind regards, Omar On Wednesday, January 24, 2018 at 1:07:45
AM UTC-5, Shiva Manne wrote: > > Hi Omar, > > We only have
`load_fasttext_format` right now, which loads a native > `fasttext` binary
format file. There is no support to *save* in binary > format. Could you
elaborate more as to why exactly do you need this? > > -Shiva. > > On Tuesday,
23 January 2018 22:10:48 UTC+5:30, Omar Khan wrote: >> >> Hi - is there a way
to save a model as a native fasttext binary format >> file? >> > \-- You
received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "gensim"
group. To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send
an email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options, visit
https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

The challenge come into play for having an interchange format for languages
that don't support the native gensim binary model but support fasttext binary
models.

  
For example, I would like to use the R fastrtext library, with a model from
gensim - but cannot because there is no support an R. That said reticulate can
be leveraged to load gensim for it to leverage the gensim model.Â Another
fasttext library could not be used which which requires a native format.Â

  

Kind regards,

Omar

  
On Wednesday, January 24, 2018 at 1:07:45 AM UTC-5, Shiva Manne wrote:

> Hi Omar,

>

>  
>

>

> We only have `load_fasttext_format` right now, which loads a native
`fasttext` binary format file. There is no support to **save** in binary
format. Could you elaborate more as to why exactly do you need this?Â

>

>  
>

>

> -Shiva.  
>  
> On Tuesday, 23 January 2018 22:10:48 UTC+5:30, Omar Khan wrote:

>

>> Hi - is there a way to save a model as a native fasttext binary format
file?Â

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
'

b'The challenge come into play for having an interchange format for languages
that don't support the native gensim binary model but support fasttext binary
models. For example, I would like to use the R fastrtext library, with a model
from gensim - but cannot because there is no support an R. That said
reticulate can be leveraged to load gensim for it to leverage the gensim
model. Another fasttext library could not be used which which requires a
native format. Kind regards, Omar On Wednesday, January 24, 2018 at 1:07:45 AM
UTC-5, Shiva Manne wrote: > > Hi Omar, > > We only have `load_fasttext_format`
right now, which loads a native > `fasttext` binary format file. There is no
support to *save* in binary > format. Could you elaborate more as to why
exactly do you need this? > > -Shiva. > > On Tuesday, 23 January 2018 22:10:48
UTC+5:30, Omar Khan wrote: >> >> Hi - is there a way to save a model as a
native fasttext binary format >> file? >> > \-- You received this message
because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "gensim" group. To unsubscribe
from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an email to
gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options, visit
https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

The challenge come into play for having an interchange format for languages
that don't support the native gensim binary model but support fasttext binary
models.

  
For example, I would like to use the R fastrtext library, with a model from
gensim - but cannot because there is no support an R. That said reticulate can
be leveraged to load gensim for it to leverage the gensim model.Â Another
fasttext library could not be used which which requires a native format.Â

  

Kind regards,

Omar

  
On Wednesday, January 24, 2018 at 1:07:45 AM UTC-5, Shiva Manne wrote:

> Hi Omar,

>

>  
>

>

> We only have `load_fasttext_format` right now, which loads a native
`fasttext` binary format file. There is no support to **save** in binary
format. Could you elaborate more as to why exactly do you need this?Â

>

>  
>

>

> -Shiva.  
>  
> On Tuesday, 23 January 2018 22:10:48 UTC+5:30, Omar Khan wrote:

>

>> Hi - is there a way to save a model as a native fasttext binary format
file?Â

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
' b'The challenge come into play for having an interchange format for
languages that don't support the native gensim binary model but support
fasttext binary models. For example, I would like to use the R fastrtext
library, with a model from gensim - but cannot because there is no support an
R. That said reticulate can be leveraged to load gensim for it to leverage the
gensim model. Another fasttext library could not be used which which requires
a native format. Kind regards, Omar On Wednesday, January 24, 2018 at 1:07:45
AM UTC-5, Shiva Manne wrote: > > Hi Omar, > > We only have
`load_fasttext_format` right now, which loads a native > `fasttext` binary
format file. There is no support to *save* in binary > format. Could you
elaborate more as to why exactly do you need this? > > -Shiva. > > On Tuesday,
23 January 2018 22:10:48 UTC+5:30, Omar Khan wrote: >> >> Hi - is there a way
to save a model as a native fasttext binary format >> file? >> > \-- You
received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "gensim"
group. To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send
an email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options, visit
https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

The challenge come into play for having an interchange format for languages
that don't support the native gensim binary model but support fasttext binary
models.

  
For example, I would like to use the R fastrtext library, with a model from
gensim - but cannot because there is no support an R. That said reticulate can
be leveraged to load gensim for it to leverage the gensim model.Â Another
fasttext library could not be used which which requires a native format.Â

  

Kind regards,

Omar

  
On Wednesday, January 24, 2018 at 1:07:45 AM UTC-5, Shiva Manne wrote:

> Hi Omar,

>

>  
>

>

> We only have `load_fasttext_format` right now, which loads a native
`fasttext` binary format file. There is no support to **save** in binary
format. Could you elaborate more as to why exactly do you need this?Â

>

>  
>

>

> -Shiva.  
>  
> On Tuesday, 23 January 2018 22:10:48 UTC+5:30, Omar Khan wrote:

>

>> Hi - is there a way to save a model as a native fasttext binary format
file?Â

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
' b'The challenge come into play for having an interchange format for
languages that don't support the native gensim binary model but support
fasttext binary models. For example, I would like to use the R fastrtext
library, with a model from gensim - but cannot because there is no support an
R. That said reticulate can be leveraged to load gensim for it to leverage the
gensim model. Another fasttext library could not be used which which requires
a native format. Kind regards, Omar On Wednesday, January 24, 2018 at 1:07:45
AM UTC-5, Shiva Manne wrote: > > Hi Omar, > > We only have
`load_fasttext_format` right now, which loads a native > `fasttext` binary
format file. There is no support to *save* in binary > format. Could you
elaborate more as to why exactly do you need this? > > -Shiva. > > On Tuesday,
23 January 2018 22:10:48 UTC+5:30, Omar Khan wrote: >> >> Hi - is there a way
to save a model as a native fasttext binary format >> file? >> > \-- You
received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "gensim"
group. To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send
an email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options, visit
https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

The challenge come into play for having an interchange format for languages
that don't support the native gensim binary model but support fasttext binary
models.

  
For example, I would like to use the R fastrtext library, with a model from
gensim - but cannot because there is no support an R. That said reticulate can
be leveraged to load gensim for it to leverage the gensim model.Â Another
fasttext library could not be used which which requires a native format.Â

  

Kind regards,

Omar

  
On Wednesday, January 24, 2018 at 1:07:45 AM UTC-5, Shiva Manne wrote:

> Hi Omar,

>

>  
>

>

> We only have `load_fasttext_format` right now, which loads a native
`fasttext` binary format file. There is no support to **save** in binary
format. Could you elaborate more as to why exactly do you need this?Â

>

>  
>

>

> -Shiva.  
>  
> On Tuesday, 23 January 2018 22:10:48 UTC+5:30, Omar Khan wrote:

>

>> Hi - is there a way to save a model as a native fasttext binary format
file?Â

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
'

b'The challenge come into play for having an interchange format for languages
that don't support the native gensim binary model but support fasttext binary
models. For example, I would like to use the R fastrtext library, with a model
from gensim - but cannot because there is no support an R. That said
reticulate can be leveraged to load gensim for it to leverage the gensim
model. Another fasttext library could not be used which which requires a
native format. Kind regards, Omar On Wednesday, January 24, 2018 at 1:07:45 AM
UTC-5, Shiva Manne wrote: > > Hi Omar, > > We only have `load_fasttext_format`
right now, which loads a native > `fasttext` binary format file. There is no
support to *save* in binary > format. Could you elaborate more as to why
exactly do you need this? > > -Shiva. > > On Tuesday, 23 January 2018 22:10:48
UTC+5:30, Omar Khan wrote: >> >> Hi - is there a way to save a model as a
native fasttext binary format >> file? >> > \-- You received this message
because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "gensim" group. To unsubscribe
from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an email to
gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options, visit
https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

The challenge come into play for having an interchange format for languages
that don't support the native gensim binary model but support fasttext binary
models.

  
For example, I would like to use the R fastrtext library, with a model from
gensim - but cannot because there is no support an R. That said reticulate can
be leveraged to load gensim for it to leverage the gensim model.Â Another
fasttext library could not be used which which requires a native format.Â

  

Kind regards,

Omar

  
On Wednesday, January 24, 2018 at 1:07:45 AM UTC-5, Shiva Manne wrote:

> Hi Omar,

>

>  
>

>

> We only have `load_fasttext_format` right now, which loads a native
`fasttext` binary format file. There is no support to **save** in binary
format. Could you elaborate more as to why exactly do you need this?Â

>

>  
>

>

> -Shiva.  
>  
> On Tuesday, 23 January 2018 22:10:48 UTC+5:30, Omar Khan wrote:

>

>> Hi - is there a way to save a model as a native fasttext binary format
file?Â

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
' b'The challenge come into play for having an interchange format for
languages that don't support the native gensim binary model but support
fasttext binary models. For example, I would like to use the R fastrtext
library, with a model from gensim - but cannot because there is no support an
R. That said reticulate can be leveraged to load gensim for it to leverage the
gensim model. Another fasttext library could not be used which which requires
a native format. Kind regards, Omar On Wednesday, January 24, 2018 at 1:07:45
AM UTC-5, Shiva Manne wrote: > > Hi Omar, > > We only have
`load_fasttext_format` right now, which loads a native > `fasttext` binary
format file. There is no support to *save* in binary > format. Could you
elaborate more as to why exactly do you need this? > > -Shiva. > > On Tuesday,
23 January 2018 22:10:48 UTC+5:30, Omar Khan wrote: >> >> Hi - is there a way
to save a model as a native fasttext binary format >> file? >> > \-- You
received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "gensim"
group. To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send
an email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options, visit
https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

The challenge come into play for having an interchange format for languages
that don't support the native gensim binary model but support fasttext binary
models.

  
For example, I would like to use the R fastrtext library, with a model from
gensim - but cannot because there is no support an R. That said reticulate can
be leveraged to load gensim for it to leverage the gensim model.Â Another
fasttext library could not be used which which requires a native format.Â

  

Kind regards,

Omar

  
On Wednesday, January 24, 2018 at 1:07:45 AM UTC-5, Shiva Manne wrote:

> Hi Omar,

>

>  
>

>

> We only have `load_fasttext_format` right now, which loads a native
`fasttext` binary format file. There is no support to **save** in binary
format. Could you elaborate more as to why exactly do you need this?Â

>

>  
>

>

> -Shiva.  
>  
> On Tuesday, 23 January 2018 22:10:48 UTC+5:30, Omar Khan wrote:

>

>> Hi - is there a way to save a model as a native fasttext binary format
file?Â

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
' b'The challenge come into play for having an interchange format for
languages that don't support the native gensim binary model but support
fasttext binary models. For example, I would like to use the R fastrtext
library, with a model from gensim - but cannot because there is no support an
R. That said reticulate can be leveraged to load gensim for it to leverage the
gensim model. Another fasttext library could not be used which which requires
a native format. Kind regards, Omar On Wednesday, January 24, 2018 at 1:07:45
AM UTC-5, Shiva Manne wrote: > > Hi Omar, > > We only have
`load_fasttext_format` right now, which loads a native > `fasttext` binary
format file. There is no support to *save* in binary > format. Could you
elaborate more as to why exactly do you need this? > > -Shiva. > > On Tuesday,
23 January 2018 22:10:48 UTC+5:30, Omar Khan wrote: >> >> Hi - is there a way
to save a model as a native fasttext binary format >> file? >> > \-- You
received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "gensim"
group. To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send
an email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options, visit
https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

The challenge come into play for having an interchange format for languages
that don't support the native gensim binary model but support fasttext binary
models.

  
For example, I would like to use the R fastrtext library, with a model from
gensim - but cannot because there is no support an R. That said reticulate can
be leveraged to load gensim for it to leverage the gensim model.Â Another
fasttext library could not be used which which requires a native format.Â

  

Kind regards,

Omar

  
On Wednesday, January 24, 2018 at 1:07:45 AM UTC-5, Shiva Manne wrote:

> Hi Omar,

>

>  
>

>

> We only have `load_fasttext_format` right now, which loads a native
`fasttext` binary format file. There is no support to **save** in binary
format. Could you elaborate more as to why exactly do you need this?Â

>

>  
>

>

> -Shiva.  
>  
> On Tuesday, 23 January 2018 22:10:48 UTC+5:30, Omar Khan wrote:

>

>> Hi - is there a way to save a model as a native fasttext binary format
file?Â

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
'

b'The challenge come into play for having an interchange format for languages
that don't support the native gensim binary model but support fasttext binary
models. For example, I would like to use the R fastrtext library, with a model
from gensim - but cannot because there is no support an R. That said
reticulate can be leveraged to load gensim for it to leverage the gensim
model. Another fasttext library could not be used which which requires a
native format. Kind regards, Omar On Wednesday, January 24, 2018 at 1:07:45 AM
UTC-5, Shiva Manne wrote: > > Hi Omar, > > We only have `load_fasttext_format`
right now, which loads a native > `fasttext` binary format file. There is no
support to *save* in binary > format. Could you elaborate more as to why
exactly do you need this? > > -Shiva. > > On Tuesday, 23 January 2018 22:10:48
UTC+5:30, Omar Khan wrote: >> >> Hi - is there a way to save a model as a
native fasttext binary format >> file? >> > \-- You received this message
because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "gensim" group. To unsubscribe
from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an email to
gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options, visit
https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

The challenge come into play for having an interchange format for languages
that don't support the native gensim binary model but support fasttext binary
models.

  
For example, I would like to use the R fastrtext library, with a model from
gensim - but cannot because there is no support an R. That said reticulate can
be leveraged to load gensim for it to leverage the gensim model.Â Another
fasttext library could not be used which which requires a native format.Â

  

Kind regards,

Omar

  
On Wednesday, January 24, 2018 at 1:07:45 AM UTC-5, Shiva Manne wrote:

> Hi Omar,

>

>  
>

>

> We only have `load_fasttext_format` right now, which loads a native
`fasttext` binary format file. There is no support to **save** in binary
format. Could you elaborate more as to why exactly do you need this?Â

>

>  
>

>

> -Shiva.  
>  
> On Tuesday, 23 January 2018 22:10:48 UTC+5:30, Omar Khan wrote:

>

>> Hi - is there a way to save a model as a native fasttext binary format
file?Â

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
' b'The challenge come into play for having an interchange format for
languages that don't support the native gensim binary model but support
fasttext binary models. For example, I would like to use the R fastrtext
library, with a model from gensim - but cannot because there is no support an
R. That said reticulate can be leveraged to load gensim for it to leverage the
gensim model. Another fasttext library could not be used which which requires
a native format. Kind regards, Omar On Wednesday, January 24, 2018 at 1:07:45
AM UTC-5, Shiva Manne wrote: > > Hi Omar, > > We only have
`load_fasttext_format` right now, which loads a native > `fasttext` binary
format file. There is no support to *save* in binary > format. Could you
elaborate more as to why exactly do you need this? > > -Shiva. > > On Tuesday,
23 January 2018 22:10:48 UTC+5:30, Omar Khan wrote: >> >> Hi - is there a way
to save a model as a native fasttext binary format >> file? >> > \-- You
received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "gensim"
group. To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send
an email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options, visit
https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

The challenge come into play for having an interchange format for languages
that don't support the native gensim binary model but support fasttext binary
models.

  
For example, I would like to use the R fastrtext library, with a model from
gensim - but cannot because there is no support an R. That said reticulate can
be leveraged to load gensim for it to leverage the gensim model.Â Another
fasttext library could not be used which which requires a native format.Â

  

Kind regards,

Omar

  
On Wednesday, January 24, 2018 at 1:07:45 AM UTC-5, Shiva Manne wrote:

> Hi Omar,

>

>  
>

>

> We only have `load_fasttext_format` right now, which loads a native
`fasttext` binary format file. There is no support to **save** in binary
format. Could you elaborate more as to why exactly do you need this?Â

>

>  
>

>

> -Shiva.  
>  
> On Tuesday, 23 January 2018 22:10:48 UTC+5:30, Omar Khan wrote:

>

>> Hi - is there a way to save a model as a native fasttext binary format
file?Â

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
' b'The challenge come into play for having an interchange format for
languages that don't support the native gensim binary model but support
fasttext binary models. For example, I would like to use the R fastrtext
library, with a model from gensim - but cannot because there is no support an
R. That said reticulate can be leveraged to load gensim for it to leverage the
gensim model. Another fasttext library could not be used which which requires
a native format. Kind regards, Omar On Wednesday, January 24, 2018 at 1:07:45
AM UTC-5, Shiva Manne wrote: > > Hi Omar, > > We only have
`load_fasttext_format` right now, which loads a native > `fasttext` binary
format file. There is no support to *save* in binary > format. Could you
elaborate more as to why exactly do you need this? > > -Shiva. > > On Tuesday,
23 January 2018 22:10:48 UTC+5:30, Omar Khan wrote: >> >> Hi - is there a way
to save a model as a native fasttext binary format >> file? >> > \-- You
received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "gensim"
group. To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send
an email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options, visit
https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

The challenge come into play for having an interchange format for languages
that don't support the native gensim binary model but support fasttext binary
models.

  
For example, I would like to use the R fastrtext library, with a model from
gensim - but cannot because there is no support an R. That said reticulate can
be leveraged to load gensim for it to leverage the gensim model.Â Another
fasttext library could not be used which which requires a native format.Â

  

Kind regards,

Omar

  
On Wednesday, January 24, 2018 at 1:07:45 AM UTC-5, Shiva Manne wrote:

> Hi Omar,

>

>  
>

>

> We only have `load_fasttext_format` right now, which loads a native
`fasttext` binary format file. There is no support to **save** in binary
format. Could you elaborate more as to why exactly do you need this?Â

>

>  
>

>

> -Shiva.  
>  
> On Tuesday, 23 January 2018 22:10:48 UTC+5:30, Omar Khan wrote:

>

>> Hi - is there a way to save a model as a native fasttext binary format
file?Â

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
'

b'The challenge come into play for having an interchange format for languages
that don't support the native gensim binary model but support fasttext binary
models. For example, I would like to use the R fastrtext library, with a model
from gensim - but cannot because there is no support an R. That said
reticulate can be leveraged to load gensim for it to leverage the gensim
model. Another fasttext library could not be used which which requires a
native format. Kind regards, Omar On Wednesday, January 24, 2018 at 1:07:45 AM
UTC-5, Shiva Manne wrote: > > Hi Omar, > > We only have `load_fasttext_format`
right now, which loads a native > `fasttext` binary format file. There is no
support to *save* in binary > format. Could you elaborate more as to why
exactly do you need this? > > -Shiva. > > On Tuesday, 23 January 2018 22:10:48
UTC+5:30, Omar Khan wrote: >> >> Hi - is there a way to save a model as a
native fasttext binary format >> file? >> > \-- You received this message
because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "gensim" group. To unsubscribe
from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an email to
gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options, visit
https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

The challenge come into play for having an interchange format for languages
that don't support the native gensim binary model but support fasttext binary
models.

  
For example, I would like to use the R fastrtext library, with a model from
gensim - but cannot because there is no support an R. That said reticulate can
be leveraged to load gensim for it to leverage the gensim model.Â Another
fasttext library could not be used which which requires a native format.Â

  

Kind regards,

Omar

  
On Wednesday, January 24, 2018 at 1:07:45 AM UTC-5, Shiva Manne wrote:

> Hi Omar,

>

>  
>

>

> We only have `load_fasttext_format` right now, which loads a native
`fasttext` binary format file. There is no support to **save** in binary
format. Could you elaborate more as to why exactly do you need this?Â

>

>  
>

>

> -Shiva.  
>  
> On Tuesday, 23 January 2018 22:10:48 UTC+5:30, Omar Khan wrote:

>

>> Hi - is there a way to save a model as a native fasttext binary format
file?Â

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
' b'The challenge come into play for having an interchange format for
languages that don't support the native gensim binary model but support
fasttext binary models. For example, I would like to use the R fastrtext
library, with a model from gensim - but cannot because there is no support an
R. That said reticulate can be leveraged to load gensim for it to leverage the
gensim model. Another fasttext library could not be used which which requires
a native format. Kind regards, Omar On Wednesday, January 24, 2018 at 1:07:45
AM UTC-5, Shiva Manne wrote: > > Hi Omar, > > We only have
`load_fasttext_format` right now, which loads a native > `fasttext` binary
format file. There is no support to *save* in binary > format. Could you
elaborate more as to why exactly do you need this? > > -Shiva. > > On Tuesday,
23 January 2018 22:10:48 UTC+5:30, Omar Khan wrote: >> >> Hi - is there a way
to save a model as a native fasttext binary format >> file? >> > \-- You
received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "gensim"
group. To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send
an email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options, visit
https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

The challenge come into play for having an interchange format for languages
that don't support the native gensim binary model but support fasttext binary
models.

  
For example, I would like to use the R fastrtext library, with a model from
gensim - but cannot because there is no support an R. That said reticulate can
be leveraged to load gensim for it to leverage the gensim model.Â Another
fasttext library could not be used which which requires a native format.Â

  

Kind regards,

Omar

  
On Wednesday, January 24, 2018 at 1:07:45 AM UTC-5, Shiva Manne wrote:

> Hi Omar,

>

>  
>

>

> We only have `load_fasttext_format` right now, which loads a native
`fasttext` binary format file. There is no support to **save** in binary
format. Could you elaborate more as to why exactly do you need this?Â

>

>  
>

>

> -Shiva.  
>  
> On Tuesday, 23 January 2018 22:10:48 UTC+5:30, Omar Khan wrote:

>

>> Hi - is there a way to save a model as a native fasttext binary format
file?Â

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
' b'The challenge come into play for having an interchange format for
languages that don't support the native gensim binary model but support
fasttext binary models. For example, I would like to use the R fastrtext
library, with a model from gensim - but cannot because there is no support an
R. That said reticulate can be leveraged to load gensim for it to leverage the
gensim model. Another fasttext library could not be used which which requires
a native format. Kind regards, Omar On Wednesday, January 24, 2018 at 1:07:45
AM UTC-5, Shiva Manne wrote: > > Hi Omar, > > We only have
`load_fasttext_format` right now, which loads a native > `fasttext` binary
format file. There is no support to *save* in binary > format. Could you
elaborate more as to why exactly do you need this? > > -Shiva. > > On Tuesday,
23 January 2018 22:10:48 UTC+5:30, Omar Khan wrote: >> >> Hi - is there a way
to save a model as a native fasttext binary format >> file? >> > \-- You
received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "gensim"
group. To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send
an email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options, visit
https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

The challenge come into play for having an interchange format for languages
that don't support the native gensim binary model but support fasttext binary
models.

  
For example, I would like to use the R fastrtext library, with a model from
gensim - but cannot because there is no support an R. That said reticulate can
be leveraged to load gensim for it to leverage the gensim model.Â Another
fasttext library could not be used which which requires a native format.Â

  

Kind regards,

Omar

  
On Wednesday, January 24, 2018 at 1:07:45 AM UTC-5, Shiva Manne wrote:

> Hi Omar,

>

>  
>

>

> We only have `load_fasttext_format` right now, which loads a native
`fasttext` binary format file. There is no support to **save** in binary
format. Could you elaborate more as to why exactly do you need this?Â

>

>  
>

>

> -Shiva.  
>  
> On Tuesday, 23 January 2018 22:10:48 UTC+5:30, Omar Khan wrote:

>

>> Hi - is there a way to save a model as a native fasttext binary format
file?Â

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
'

b'The challenge come into play for having an interchange format for languages
that don't support the native gensim binary model but support fasttext binary
models. For example, I would like to use the R fastrtext library, with a model
from gensim - but cannot because there is no support an R. That said
reticulate can be leveraged to load gensim for it to leverage the gensim
model. Another fasttext library could not be used which which requires a
native format. Kind regards, Omar On Wednesday, January 24, 2018 at 1:07:45 AM
UTC-5, Shiva Manne wrote: > > Hi Omar, > > We only have `load_fasttext_format`
right now, which loads a native > `fasttext` binary format file. There is no
support to *save* in binary > format. Could you elaborate more as to why
exactly do you need this? > > -Shiva. > > On Tuesday, 23 January 2018 22:10:48
UTC+5:30, Omar Khan wrote: >> >> Hi - is there a way to save a model as a
native fasttext binary format >> file? >> > \-- You received this message
because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "gensim" group. To unsubscribe
from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an email to
gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options, visit
https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

The challenge come into play for having an interchange format for languages
that don't support the native gensim binary model but support fasttext binary
models.

  
For example, I would like to use the R fastrtext library, with a model from
gensim - but cannot because there is no support an R. That said reticulate can
be leveraged to load gensim for it to leverage the gensim model.Â Another
fasttext library could not be used which which requires a native format.Â

  

Kind regards,

Omar

  
On Wednesday, January 24, 2018 at 1:07:45 AM UTC-5, Shiva Manne wrote:

> Hi Omar,

>

>  
>

>

> We only have `load_fasttext_format` right now, which loads a native
`fasttext` binary format file. There is no support to **save** in binary
format. Could you elaborate more as to why exactly do you need this?Â

>

>  
>

>

> -Shiva.  
>  
> On Tuesday, 23 January 2018 22:10:48 UTC+5:30, Omar Khan wrote:

>

>> Hi - is there a way to save a model as a native fasttext binary format
file?Â

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
' b'The challenge come into play for having an interchange format for
languages that don't support the native gensim binary model but support
fasttext binary models. For example, I would like to use the R fastrtext
library, with a model from gensim - but cannot because there is no support an
R. That said reticulate can be leveraged to load gensim for it to leverage the
gensim model. Another fasttext library could not be used which which requires
a native format. Kind regards, Omar On Wednesday, January 24, 2018 at 1:07:45
AM UTC-5, Shiva Manne wrote: > > Hi Omar, > > We only have
`load_fasttext_format` right now, which loads a native > `fasttext` binary
format file. There is no support to *save* in binary > format. Could you
elaborate more as to why exactly do you need this? > > -Shiva. > > On Tuesday,
23 January 2018 22:10:48 UTC+5:30, Omar Khan wrote: >> >> Hi - is there a way
to save a model as a native fasttext binary format >> file? >> > \-- You
received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "gensim"
group. To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send
an email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options, visit
https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

The challenge come into play for having an interchange format for languages
that don't support the native gensim binary model but support fasttext binary
models.

  
For example, I would like to use the R fastrtext library, with a model from
gensim - but cannot because there is no support an R. That said reticulate can
be leveraged to load gensim for it to leverage the gensim model.Â Another
fasttext library could not be used which which requires a native format.Â

  

Kind regards,

Omar

  
On Wednesday, January 24, 2018 at 1:07:45 AM UTC-5, Shiva Manne wrote:

> Hi Omar,

>

>  
>

>

> We only have `load_fasttext_format` right now, which loads a native
`fasttext` binary format file. There is no support to **save** in binary
format. Could you elaborate more as to why exactly do you need this?Â

>

>  
>

>

> -Shiva.  
>  
> On Tuesday, 23 January 2018 22:10:48 UTC+5:30, Omar Khan wrote:

>

>> Hi - is there a way to save a model as a native fasttext binary format
file?Â

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
' b'The challenge come into play for having an interchange format for
languages that don't support the native gensim binary model but support
fasttext binary models. For example, I would like to use the R fastrtext
library, with a model from gensim - but cannot because there is no support an
R. That said reticulate can be leveraged to load gensim for it to leverage the
gensim model. Another fasttext library could not be used which which requires
a native format. Kind regards, Omar On Wednesday, January 24, 2018 at 1:07:45
AM UTC-5, Shiva Manne wrote: > > Hi Omar, > > We only have
`load_fasttext_format` right now, which loads a native > `fasttext` binary
format file. There is no support to *save* in binary > format. Could you
elaborate more as to why exactly do you need this? > > -Shiva. > > On Tuesday,
23 January 2018 22:10:48 UTC+5:30, Omar Khan wrote: >> >> Hi - is there a way
to save a model as a native fasttext binary format >> file? >> > \-- You
received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "gensim"
group. To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send
an email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options, visit
https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

The challenge come into play for having an interchange format for languages
that don't support the native gensim binary model but support fasttext binary
models.

  
For example, I would like to use the R fastrtext library, with a model from
gensim - but cannot because there is no support an R. That said reticulate can
be leveraged to load gensim for it to leverage the gensim model.Â Another
fasttext library could not be used which which requires a native format.Â

  

Kind regards,

Omar

  
On Wednesday, January 24, 2018 at 1:07:45 AM UTC-5, Shiva Manne wrote:

> Hi Omar,

>

>  
>

>

> We only have `load_fasttext_format` right now, which loads a native
`fasttext` binary format file. There is no support to **save** in binary
format. Could you elaborate more as to why exactly do you need this?Â

>

>  
>

>

> -Shiva.  
>  
> On Tuesday, 23 January 2018 22:10:48 UTC+5:30, Omar Khan wrote:

>

>> Hi - is there a way to save a model as a native fasttext binary format
file?Â

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
'

b'The challenge come into play for having an interchange format for languages
that don't support the native gensim binary model but support fasttext binary
models. For example, I would like to use the R fastrtext library, with a model
from gensim - but cannot because there is no support an R. That said
reticulate can be leveraged to load gensim for it to leverage the gensim
model. Another fasttext library could not be used which which requires a
native format. Kind regards, Omar On Wednesday, January 24, 2018 at 1:07:45 AM
UTC-5, Shiva Manne wrote: > > Hi Omar, > > We only have `load_fasttext_format`
right now, which loads a native > `fasttext` binary format file. There is no
support to *save* in binary > format. Could you elaborate more as to why
exactly do you need this? > > -Shiva. > > On Tuesday, 23 January 2018 22:10:48
UTC+5:30, Omar Khan wrote: >> >> Hi - is there a way to save a model as a
native fasttext binary format >> file? >> > \-- You received this message
because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "gensim" group. To unsubscribe
from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an email to
gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options, visit
https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

The challenge come into play for having an interchange format for languages
that don't support the native gensim binary model but support fasttext binary
models.

  
For example, I would like to use the R fastrtext library, with a model from
gensim - but cannot because there is no support an R. That said reticulate can
be leveraged to load gensim for it to leverage the gensim model.Â Another
fasttext library could not be used which which requires a native format.Â

  

Kind regards,

Omar

  
On Wednesday, January 24, 2018 at 1:07:45 AM UTC-5, Shiva Manne wrote:

> Hi Omar,

>

>  
>

>

> We only have `load_fasttext_format` right now, which loads a native
`fasttext` binary format file. There is no support to **save** in binary
format. Could you elaborate more as to why exactly do you need this?Â

>

>  
>

>

> -Shiva.  
>  
> On Tuesday, 23 January 2018 22:10:48 UTC+5:30, Omar Khan wrote:

>

>> Hi - is there a way to save a model as a native fasttext binary format
file?Â

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
' b'The challenge come into play for having an interchange format for
languages that don't support the native gensim binary model but support
fasttext binary models. For example, I would like to use the R fastrtext
library, with a model from gensim - but cannot because there is no support an
R. That said reticulate can be leveraged to load gensim for it to leverage the
gensim model. Another fasttext library could not be used which which requires
a native format. Kind regards, Omar On Wednesday, January 24, 2018 at 1:07:45
AM UTC-5, Shiva Manne wrote: > > Hi Omar, > > We only have
`load_fasttext_format` right now, which loads a native > `fasttext` binary
format file. There is no support to *save* in binary > format. Could you
elaborate more as to why exactly do you need this? > > -Shiva. > > On Tuesday,
23 January 2018 22:10:48 UTC+5:30, Omar Khan wrote: >> >> Hi - is there a way
to save a model as a native fasttext binary format >> file? >> > \-- You
received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "gensim"
group. To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send
an email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options, visit
https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

The challenge come into play for having an interchange format for languages
that don't support the native gensim binary model but support fasttext binary
models.

  
For example, I would like to use the R fastrtext library, with a model from
gensim - but cannot because there is no support an R. That said reticulate can
be leveraged to load gensim for it to leverage the gensim model.Â Another
fasttext library could not be used which which requires a native format.Â

  

Kind regards,

Omar

  
On Wednesday, January 24, 2018 at 1:07:45 AM UTC-5, Shiva Manne wrote:

> Hi Omar,

>

>  
>

>

> We only have `load_fasttext_format` right now, which loads a native
`fasttext` binary format file. There is no support to **save** in binary
format. Could you elaborate more as to why exactly do you need this?Â

>

>  
>

>

> -Shiva.  
>  
> On Tuesday, 23 January 2018 22:10:48 UTC+5:30, Omar Khan wrote:

>

>> Hi - is there a way to save a model as a native fasttext binary format
file?Â

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
' b'The challenge come into play for having an interchange format for
languages that don't support the native gensim binary model but support
fasttext binary models. For example, I would like to use the R fastrtext
library, with a model from gensim - but cannot because there is no support an
R. That said reticulate can be leveraged to load gensim for it to leverage the
gensim model. Another fasttext library could not be used which which requires
a native format. Kind regards, Omar On Wednesday, January 24, 2018 at 1:07:45
AM UTC-5, Shiva Manne wrote: > > Hi Omar, > > We only have
`load_fasttext_format` right now, which loads a native > `fasttext` binary
format file. There is no support to *save* in binary > format. Could you
elaborate more as to why exactly do you need this? > > -Shiva. > > On Tuesday,
23 January 2018 22:10:48 UTC+5:30, Omar Khan wrote: >> >> Hi - is there a way
to save a model as a native fasttext binary format >> file? >> > \-- You
received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "gensim"
group. To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send
an email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options, visit
https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

The challenge come into play for having an interchange format for languages
that don't support the native gensim binary model but support fasttext binary
models.

  
For example, I would like to use the R fastrtext library, with a model from
gensim - but cannot because there is no support an R. That said reticulate can
be leveraged to load gensim for it to leverage the gensim model.Â Another
fasttext library could not be used which which requires a native format.Â

  

Kind regards,

Omar

  
On Wednesday, January 24, 2018 at 1:07:45 AM UTC-5, Shiva Manne wrote:

> Hi Omar,

>

>  
>

>

> We only have `load_fasttext_format` right now, which loads a native
`fasttext` binary format file. There is no support to **save** in binary
format. Could you elaborate more as to why exactly do you need this?Â

>

>  
>

>

> -Shiva.  
>  
> On Tuesday, 23 January 2018 22:10:48 UTC+5:30, Omar Khan wrote:

>

>> Hi - is there a way to save a model as a native fasttext binary format
file?Â

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
'

