b'Often for efficiency when dealing with large data structures, a single
`save()` will generate multiple files - a master file with the name you
supplied, and subsidiary files with extra extensions. To move the model to a
new location, you should move all such files, and keep them together at the
same relative paths. Here, the error suggests a 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' wile was
created alongside `DAN_OUTPUT`. That, and any other files beginning
`DAN_OUTPUT.` should be kept together to store/move your model. \- Gordon On
Thursday, January 25, 2018 at 11:40:26 AM UTC-8, Dan Sinykin wrote: > > I am
doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model > so I can
move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code: > > lda =
gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix, > id2word=dictionary,
num_topics=200) > print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200)) >
lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT') > > When I then try to load
'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error: > >
runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py', >
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles') > WARNING:root:random_state not
set so using default value > WARNING:root:failed to load state from
DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No > such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' >
> Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular >
extension? > > \-- You received this message because you are subscribed to the
Google Groups "gensim" group. To unsubscribe from this group and stop
receiving emails from it, send an email to
gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options, visit
https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

Often for efficiency when dealing with large data structures, a single
`save()` will generate multiple files - a master file with the name you
supplied, and subsidiary files with extra extensions. To move the model to a
new location, you should move all such files, and keep them together at the
same relative paths. Here, the error suggests a 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' wile was
created alongside `DAN_OUTPUT`. That, and any other files beginning
`DAN_OUTPUT.` should be kept together to store/move your model.

  

\- Gordon

  
On Thursday, January 25, 2018 at 11:40:26 AM UTC-8, Dan Sinykin wrote:

> I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model so
I can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code:

>

>  
>

>

> Â Â lda = gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix,
id2word=dictionary, num_topics=200)

>

> Â Â print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))

>

> Â Â lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT')

>

>  
>

>

> When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error:Â

>

>  
>

>

> Â Â runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles')

>

> Â Â WARNING:root:random_state not set so using default value

>

> Â Â WARNING:root:failed to load state from DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No
such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state'

>

>  
>

>

> Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular
extension?

>

>  
>

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
' b'Often for efficiency when dealing with large data structures, a single
`save()` will generate multiple files - a master file with the name you
supplied, and subsidiary files with extra extensions. To move the model to a
new location, you should move all such files, and keep them together at the
same relative paths. Here, the error suggests a 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' wile was
created alongside `DAN_OUTPUT`. That, and any other files beginning
`DAN_OUTPUT.` should be kept together to store/move your model. \- Gordon On
Thursday, January 25, 2018 at 11:40:26 AM UTC-8, Dan Sinykin wrote: > > I am
doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model > so I can
move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code: > > lda =
gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix, > id2word=dictionary,
num_topics=200) > print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200)) >
lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT') > > When I then try to load
'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error: > >
runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py', >
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles') > WARNING:root:random_state not
set so using default value > WARNING:root:failed to load state from
DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No > such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' >
> Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular >
extension? > > \-- You received this message because you are subscribed to the
Google Groups "gensim" group. To unsubscribe from this group and stop
receiving emails from it, send an email to
gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options, visit
https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

Often for efficiency when dealing with large data structures, a single
`save()` will generate multiple files - a master file with the name you
supplied, and subsidiary files with extra extensions. To move the model to a
new location, you should move all such files, and keep them together at the
same relative paths. Here, the error suggests a 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' wile was
created alongside `DAN_OUTPUT`. That, and any other files beginning
`DAN_OUTPUT.` should be kept together to store/move your model.

  

\- Gordon

  
On Thursday, January 25, 2018 at 11:40:26 AM UTC-8, Dan Sinykin wrote:

> I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model so
I can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code:

>

>  
>

>

> Â Â lda = gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix,
id2word=dictionary, num_topics=200)

>

> Â Â print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))

>

> Â Â lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT')

>

>  
>

>

> When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error:Â

>

>  
>

>

> Â Â runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles')

>

> Â Â WARNING:root:random_state not set so using default value

>

> Â Â WARNING:root:failed to load state from DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No
such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state'

>

>  
>

>

> Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular
extension?

>

>  
>

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
' b'Often for efficiency when dealing with large data structures, a single
`save()` will generate multiple files - a master file with the name you
supplied, and subsidiary files with extra extensions. To move the model to a
new location, you should move all such files, and keep them together at the
same relative paths. Here, the error suggests a 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' wile was
created alongside `DAN_OUTPUT`. That, and any other files beginning
`DAN_OUTPUT.` should be kept together to store/move your model. \- Gordon On
Thursday, January 25, 2018 at 11:40:26 AM UTC-8, Dan Sinykin wrote: > > I am
doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model > so I can
move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code: > > lda =
gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix, > id2word=dictionary,
num_topics=200) > print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200)) >
lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT') > > When I then try to load
'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error: > >
runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py', >
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles') > WARNING:root:random_state not
set so using default value > WARNING:root:failed to load state from
DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No > such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' >
> Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular >
extension? > > \-- You received this message because you are subscribed to the
Google Groups "gensim" group. To unsubscribe from this group and stop
receiving emails from it, send an email to
gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options, visit
https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

Often for efficiency when dealing with large data structures, a single
`save()` will generate multiple files - a master file with the name you
supplied, and subsidiary files with extra extensions. To move the model to a
new location, you should move all such files, and keep them together at the
same relative paths. Here, the error suggests a 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' wile was
created alongside `DAN_OUTPUT`. That, and any other files beginning
`DAN_OUTPUT.` should be kept together to store/move your model.

  

\- Gordon

  
On Thursday, January 25, 2018 at 11:40:26 AM UTC-8, Dan Sinykin wrote:

> I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model so
I can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code:

>

>  
>

>

> Â Â lda = gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix,
id2word=dictionary, num_topics=200)

>

> Â Â print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))

>

> Â Â lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT')

>

>  
>

>

> When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error:Â

>

>  
>

>

> Â Â runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles')

>

> Â Â WARNING:root:random_state not set so using default value

>

> Â Â WARNING:root:failed to load state from DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No
such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state'

>

>  
>

>

> Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular
extension?

>

>  
>

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
'

b'Often for efficiency when dealing with large data structures, a single
`save()` will generate multiple files - a master file with the name you
supplied, and subsidiary files with extra extensions. To move the model to a
new location, you should move all such files, and keep them together at the
same relative paths. Here, the error suggests a 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' wile was
created alongside `DAN_OUTPUT`. That, and any other files beginning
`DAN_OUTPUT.` should be kept together to store/move your model. \- Gordon On
Thursday, January 25, 2018 at 11:40:26 AM UTC-8, Dan Sinykin wrote: > > I am
doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model > so I can
move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code: > > lda =
gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix, > id2word=dictionary,
num_topics=200) > print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200)) >
lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT') > > When I then try to load
'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error: > >
runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py', >
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles') > WARNING:root:random_state not
set so using default value > WARNING:root:failed to load state from
DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No > such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' >
> Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular >
extension? > > \-- You received this message because you are subscribed to the
Google Groups "gensim" group. To unsubscribe from this group and stop
receiving emails from it, send an email to
gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options, visit
https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

Often for efficiency when dealing with large data structures, a single
`save()` will generate multiple files - a master file with the name you
supplied, and subsidiary files with extra extensions. To move the model to a
new location, you should move all such files, and keep them together at the
same relative paths. Here, the error suggests a 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' wile was
created alongside `DAN_OUTPUT`. That, and any other files beginning
`DAN_OUTPUT.` should be kept together to store/move your model.

  

\- Gordon

  
On Thursday, January 25, 2018 at 11:40:26 AM UTC-8, Dan Sinykin wrote:

> I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model so
I can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code:

>

>  
>

>

> Â Â lda = gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix,
id2word=dictionary, num_topics=200)

>

> Â Â print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))

>

> Â Â lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT')

>

>  
>

>

> When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error:Â

>

>  
>

>

> Â Â runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles')

>

> Â Â WARNING:root:random_state not set so using default value

>

> Â Â WARNING:root:failed to load state from DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No
such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state'

>

>  
>

>

> Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular
extension?

>

>  
>

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
' b'Often for efficiency when dealing with large data structures, a single
`save()` will generate multiple files - a master file with the name you
supplied, and subsidiary files with extra extensions. To move the model to a
new location, you should move all such files, and keep them together at the
same relative paths. Here, the error suggests a 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' wile was
created alongside `DAN_OUTPUT`. That, and any other files beginning
`DAN_OUTPUT.` should be kept together to store/move your model. \- Gordon On
Thursday, January 25, 2018 at 11:40:26 AM UTC-8, Dan Sinykin wrote: > > I am
doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model > so I can
move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code: > > lda =
gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix, > id2word=dictionary,
num_topics=200) > print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200)) >
lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT') > > When I then try to load
'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error: > >
runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py', >
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles') > WARNING:root:random_state not
set so using default value > WARNING:root:failed to load state from
DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No > such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' >
> Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular >
extension? > > \-- You received this message because you are subscribed to the
Google Groups "gensim" group. To unsubscribe from this group and stop
receiving emails from it, send an email to
gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options, visit
https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

Often for efficiency when dealing with large data structures, a single
`save()` will generate multiple files - a master file with the name you
supplied, and subsidiary files with extra extensions. To move the model to a
new location, you should move all such files, and keep them together at the
same relative paths. Here, the error suggests a 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' wile was
created alongside `DAN_OUTPUT`. That, and any other files beginning
`DAN_OUTPUT.` should be kept together to store/move your model.

  

\- Gordon

  
On Thursday, January 25, 2018 at 11:40:26 AM UTC-8, Dan Sinykin wrote:

> I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model so
I can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code:

>

>  
>

>

> Â Â lda = gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix,
id2word=dictionary, num_topics=200)

>

> Â Â print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))

>

> Â Â lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT')

>

>  
>

>

> When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error:Â

>

>  
>

>

> Â Â runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles')

>

> Â Â WARNING:root:random_state not set so using default value

>

> Â Â WARNING:root:failed to load state from DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No
such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state'

>

>  
>

>

> Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular
extension?

>

>  
>

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
' b'Often for efficiency when dealing with large data structures, a single
`save()` will generate multiple files - a master file with the name you
supplied, and subsidiary files with extra extensions. To move the model to a
new location, you should move all such files, and keep them together at the
same relative paths. Here, the error suggests a 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' wile was
created alongside `DAN_OUTPUT`. That, and any other files beginning
`DAN_OUTPUT.` should be kept together to store/move your model. \- Gordon On
Thursday, January 25, 2018 at 11:40:26 AM UTC-8, Dan Sinykin wrote: > > I am
doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model > so I can
move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code: > > lda =
gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix, > id2word=dictionary,
num_topics=200) > print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200)) >
lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT') > > When I then try to load
'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error: > >
runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py', >
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles') > WARNING:root:random_state not
set so using default value > WARNING:root:failed to load state from
DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No > such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' >
> Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular >
extension? > > \-- You received this message because you are subscribed to the
Google Groups "gensim" group. To unsubscribe from this group and stop
receiving emails from it, send an email to
gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options, visit
https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

Often for efficiency when dealing with large data structures, a single
`save()` will generate multiple files - a master file with the name you
supplied, and subsidiary files with extra extensions. To move the model to a
new location, you should move all such files, and keep them together at the
same relative paths. Here, the error suggests a 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' wile was
created alongside `DAN_OUTPUT`. That, and any other files beginning
`DAN_OUTPUT.` should be kept together to store/move your model.

  

\- Gordon

  
On Thursday, January 25, 2018 at 11:40:26 AM UTC-8, Dan Sinykin wrote:

> I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model so
I can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code:

>

>  
>

>

> Â Â lda = gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix,
id2word=dictionary, num_topics=200)

>

> Â Â print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))

>

> Â Â lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT')

>

>  
>

>

> When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error:Â

>

>  
>

>

> Â Â runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles')

>

> Â Â WARNING:root:random_state not set so using default value

>

> Â Â WARNING:root:failed to load state from DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No
such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state'

>

>  
>

>

> Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular
extension?

>

>  
>

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
'

b'Often for efficiency when dealing with large data structures, a single
`save()` will generate multiple files - a master file with the name you
supplied, and subsidiary files with extra extensions. To move the model to a
new location, you should move all such files, and keep them together at the
same relative paths. Here, the error suggests a 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' wile was
created alongside `DAN_OUTPUT`. That, and any other files beginning
`DAN_OUTPUT.` should be kept together to store/move your model. \- Gordon On
Thursday, January 25, 2018 at 11:40:26 AM UTC-8, Dan Sinykin wrote: > > I am
doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model > so I can
move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code: > > lda =
gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix, > id2word=dictionary,
num_topics=200) > print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200)) >
lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT') > > When I then try to load
'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error: > >
runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py', >
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles') > WARNING:root:random_state not
set so using default value > WARNING:root:failed to load state from
DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No > such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' >
> Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular >
extension? > > \-- You received this message because you are subscribed to the
Google Groups "gensim" group. To unsubscribe from this group and stop
receiving emails from it, send an email to
gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options, visit
https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

Often for efficiency when dealing with large data structures, a single
`save()` will generate multiple files - a master file with the name you
supplied, and subsidiary files with extra extensions. To move the model to a
new location, you should move all such files, and keep them together at the
same relative paths. Here, the error suggests a 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' wile was
created alongside `DAN_OUTPUT`. That, and any other files beginning
`DAN_OUTPUT.` should be kept together to store/move your model.

  

\- Gordon

  
On Thursday, January 25, 2018 at 11:40:26 AM UTC-8, Dan Sinykin wrote:

> I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model so
I can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code:

>

>  
>

>

> Â Â lda = gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix,
id2word=dictionary, num_topics=200)

>

> Â Â print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))

>

> Â Â lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT')

>

>  
>

>

> When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error:Â

>

>  
>

>

> Â Â runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles')

>

> Â Â WARNING:root:random_state not set so using default value

>

> Â Â WARNING:root:failed to load state from DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No
such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state'

>

>  
>

>

> Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular
extension?

>

>  
>

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
' b'Often for efficiency when dealing with large data structures, a single
`save()` will generate multiple files - a master file with the name you
supplied, and subsidiary files with extra extensions. To move the model to a
new location, you should move all such files, and keep them together at the
same relative paths. Here, the error suggests a 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' wile was
created alongside `DAN_OUTPUT`. That, and any other files beginning
`DAN_OUTPUT.` should be kept together to store/move your model. \- Gordon On
Thursday, January 25, 2018 at 11:40:26 AM UTC-8, Dan Sinykin wrote: > > I am
doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model > so I can
move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code: > > lda =
gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix, > id2word=dictionary,
num_topics=200) > print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200)) >
lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT') > > When I then try to load
'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error: > >
runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py', >
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles') > WARNING:root:random_state not
set so using default value > WARNING:root:failed to load state from
DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No > such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' >
> Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular >
extension? > > \-- You received this message because you are subscribed to the
Google Groups "gensim" group. To unsubscribe from this group and stop
receiving emails from it, send an email to
gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options, visit
https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

Often for efficiency when dealing with large data structures, a single
`save()` will generate multiple files - a master file with the name you
supplied, and subsidiary files with extra extensions. To move the model to a
new location, you should move all such files, and keep them together at the
same relative paths. Here, the error suggests a 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' wile was
created alongside `DAN_OUTPUT`. That, and any other files beginning
`DAN_OUTPUT.` should be kept together to store/move your model.

  

\- Gordon

  
On Thursday, January 25, 2018 at 11:40:26 AM UTC-8, Dan Sinykin wrote:

> I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model so
I can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code:

>

>  
>

>

> Â Â lda = gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix,
id2word=dictionary, num_topics=200)

>

> Â Â print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))

>

> Â Â lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT')

>

>  
>

>

> When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error:Â

>

>  
>

>

> Â Â runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles')

>

> Â Â WARNING:root:random_state not set so using default value

>

> Â Â WARNING:root:failed to load state from DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No
such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state'

>

>  
>

>

> Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular
extension?

>

>  
>

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
' b'Often for efficiency when dealing with large data structures, a single
`save()` will generate multiple files - a master file with the name you
supplied, and subsidiary files with extra extensions. To move the model to a
new location, you should move all such files, and keep them together at the
same relative paths. Here, the error suggests a 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' wile was
created alongside `DAN_OUTPUT`. That, and any other files beginning
`DAN_OUTPUT.` should be kept together to store/move your model. \- Gordon On
Thursday, January 25, 2018 at 11:40:26 AM UTC-8, Dan Sinykin wrote: > > I am
doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model > so I can
move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code: > > lda =
gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix, > id2word=dictionary,
num_topics=200) > print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200)) >
lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT') > > When I then try to load
'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error: > >
runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py', >
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles') > WARNING:root:random_state not
set so using default value > WARNING:root:failed to load state from
DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No > such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' >
> Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular >
extension? > > \-- You received this message because you are subscribed to the
Google Groups "gensim" group. To unsubscribe from this group and stop
receiving emails from it, send an email to
gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options, visit
https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

Often for efficiency when dealing with large data structures, a single
`save()` will generate multiple files - a master file with the name you
supplied, and subsidiary files with extra extensions. To move the model to a
new location, you should move all such files, and keep them together at the
same relative paths. Here, the error suggests a 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' wile was
created alongside `DAN_OUTPUT`. That, and any other files beginning
`DAN_OUTPUT.` should be kept together to store/move your model.

  

\- Gordon

  
On Thursday, January 25, 2018 at 11:40:26 AM UTC-8, Dan Sinykin wrote:

> I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model so
I can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code:

>

>  
>

>

> Â Â lda = gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix,
id2word=dictionary, num_topics=200)

>

> Â Â print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))

>

> Â Â lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT')

>

>  
>

>

> When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error:Â

>

>  
>

>

> Â Â runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles')

>

> Â Â WARNING:root:random_state not set so using default value

>

> Â Â WARNING:root:failed to load state from DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No
such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state'

>

>  
>

>

> Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular
extension?

>

>  
>

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
'

b'Often for efficiency when dealing with large data structures, a single
`save()` will generate multiple files - a master file with the name you
supplied, and subsidiary files with extra extensions. To move the model to a
new location, you should move all such files, and keep them together at the
same relative paths. Here, the error suggests a 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' wile was
created alongside `DAN_OUTPUT`. That, and any other files beginning
`DAN_OUTPUT.` should be kept together to store/move your model. \- Gordon On
Thursday, January 25, 2018 at 11:40:26 AM UTC-8, Dan Sinykin wrote: > > I am
doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model > so I can
move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code: > > lda =
gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix, > id2word=dictionary,
num_topics=200) > print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200)) >
lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT') > > When I then try to load
'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error: > >
runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py', >
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles') > WARNING:root:random_state not
set so using default value > WARNING:root:failed to load state from
DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No > such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' >
> Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular >
extension? > > \-- You received this message because you are subscribed to the
Google Groups "gensim" group. To unsubscribe from this group and stop
receiving emails from it, send an email to
gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options, visit
https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

Often for efficiency when dealing with large data structures, a single
`save()` will generate multiple files - a master file with the name you
supplied, and subsidiary files with extra extensions. To move the model to a
new location, you should move all such files, and keep them together at the
same relative paths. Here, the error suggests a 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' wile was
created alongside `DAN_OUTPUT`. That, and any other files beginning
`DAN_OUTPUT.` should be kept together to store/move your model.

  

\- Gordon

  
On Thursday, January 25, 2018 at 11:40:26 AM UTC-8, Dan Sinykin wrote:

> I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model so
I can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code:

>

>  
>

>

> Â Â lda = gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix,
id2word=dictionary, num_topics=200)

>

> Â Â print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))

>

> Â Â lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT')

>

>  
>

>

> When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error:Â

>

>  
>

>

> Â Â runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles')

>

> Â Â WARNING:root:random_state not set so using default value

>

> Â Â WARNING:root:failed to load state from DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No
such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state'

>

>  
>

>

> Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular
extension?

>

>  
>

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
' b'Often for efficiency when dealing with large data structures, a single
`save()` will generate multiple files - a master file with the name you
supplied, and subsidiary files with extra extensions. To move the model to a
new location, you should move all such files, and keep them together at the
same relative paths. Here, the error suggests a 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' wile was
created alongside `DAN_OUTPUT`. That, and any other files beginning
`DAN_OUTPUT.` should be kept together to store/move your model. \- Gordon On
Thursday, January 25, 2018 at 11:40:26 AM UTC-8, Dan Sinykin wrote: > > I am
doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model > so I can
move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code: > > lda =
gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix, > id2word=dictionary,
num_topics=200) > print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200)) >
lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT') > > When I then try to load
'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error: > >
runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py', >
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles') > WARNING:root:random_state not
set so using default value > WARNING:root:failed to load state from
DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No > such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' >
> Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular >
extension? > > \-- You received this message because you are subscribed to the
Google Groups "gensim" group. To unsubscribe from this group and stop
receiving emails from it, send an email to
gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options, visit
https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

Often for efficiency when dealing with large data structures, a single
`save()` will generate multiple files - a master file with the name you
supplied, and subsidiary files with extra extensions. To move the model to a
new location, you should move all such files, and keep them together at the
same relative paths. Here, the error suggests a 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' wile was
created alongside `DAN_OUTPUT`. That, and any other files beginning
`DAN_OUTPUT.` should be kept together to store/move your model.

  

\- Gordon

  
On Thursday, January 25, 2018 at 11:40:26 AM UTC-8, Dan Sinykin wrote:

> I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model so
I can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code:

>

>  
>

>

> Â Â lda = gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix,
id2word=dictionary, num_topics=200)

>

> Â Â print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))

>

> Â Â lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT')

>

>  
>

>

> When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error:Â

>

>  
>

>

> Â Â runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles')

>

> Â Â WARNING:root:random_state not set so using default value

>

> Â Â WARNING:root:failed to load state from DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No
such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state'

>

>  
>

>

> Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular
extension?

>

>  
>

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
' b'Often for efficiency when dealing with large data structures, a single
`save()` will generate multiple files - a master file with the name you
supplied, and subsidiary files with extra extensions. To move the model to a
new location, you should move all such files, and keep them together at the
same relative paths. Here, the error suggests a 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' wile was
created alongside `DAN_OUTPUT`. That, and any other files beginning
`DAN_OUTPUT.` should be kept together to store/move your model. \- Gordon On
Thursday, January 25, 2018 at 11:40:26 AM UTC-8, Dan Sinykin wrote: > > I am
doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model > so I can
move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code: > > lda =
gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix, > id2word=dictionary,
num_topics=200) > print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200)) >
lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT') > > When I then try to load
'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error: > >
runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py', >
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles') > WARNING:root:random_state not
set so using default value > WARNING:root:failed to load state from
DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No > such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' >
> Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular >
extension? > > \-- You received this message because you are subscribed to the
Google Groups "gensim" group. To unsubscribe from this group and stop
receiving emails from it, send an email to
gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options, visit
https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

Often for efficiency when dealing with large data structures, a single
`save()` will generate multiple files - a master file with the name you
supplied, and subsidiary files with extra extensions. To move the model to a
new location, you should move all such files, and keep them together at the
same relative paths. Here, the error suggests a 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' wile was
created alongside `DAN_OUTPUT`. That, and any other files beginning
`DAN_OUTPUT.` should be kept together to store/move your model.

  

\- Gordon

  
On Thursday, January 25, 2018 at 11:40:26 AM UTC-8, Dan Sinykin wrote:

> I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model so
I can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code:

>

>  
>

>

> Â Â lda = gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix,
id2word=dictionary, num_topics=200)

>

> Â Â print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))

>

> Â Â lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT')

>

>  
>

>

> When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error:Â

>

>  
>

>

> Â Â runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles')

>

> Â Â WARNING:root:random_state not set so using default value

>

> Â Â WARNING:root:failed to load state from DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No
such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state'

>

>  
>

>

> Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular
extension?

>

>  
>

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
'

b'Often for efficiency when dealing with large data structures, a single
`save()` will generate multiple files - a master file with the name you
supplied, and subsidiary files with extra extensions. To move the model to a
new location, you should move all such files, and keep them together at the
same relative paths. Here, the error suggests a 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' wile was
created alongside `DAN_OUTPUT`. That, and any other files beginning
`DAN_OUTPUT.` should be kept together to store/move your model. \- Gordon On
Thursday, January 25, 2018 at 11:40:26 AM UTC-8, Dan Sinykin wrote: > > I am
doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model > so I can
move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code: > > lda =
gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix, > id2word=dictionary,
num_topics=200) > print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200)) >
lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT') > > When I then try to load
'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error: > >
runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py', >
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles') > WARNING:root:random_state not
set so using default value > WARNING:root:failed to load state from
DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No > such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' >
> Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular >
extension? > > \-- You received this message because you are subscribed to the
Google Groups "gensim" group. To unsubscribe from this group and stop
receiving emails from it, send an email to
gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options, visit
https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

Often for efficiency when dealing with large data structures, a single
`save()` will generate multiple files - a master file with the name you
supplied, and subsidiary files with extra extensions. To move the model to a
new location, you should move all such files, and keep them together at the
same relative paths. Here, the error suggests a 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' wile was
created alongside `DAN_OUTPUT`. That, and any other files beginning
`DAN_OUTPUT.` should be kept together to store/move your model.

  

\- Gordon

  
On Thursday, January 25, 2018 at 11:40:26 AM UTC-8, Dan Sinykin wrote:

> I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model so
I can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code:

>

>  
>

>

> Â Â lda = gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix,
id2word=dictionary, num_topics=200)

>

> Â Â print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))

>

> Â Â lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT')

>

>  
>

>

> When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error:Â

>

>  
>

>

> Â Â runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles')

>

> Â Â WARNING:root:random_state not set so using default value

>

> Â Â WARNING:root:failed to load state from DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No
such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state'

>

>  
>

>

> Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular
extension?

>

>  
>

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
' b'Often for efficiency when dealing with large data structures, a single
`save()` will generate multiple files - a master file with the name you
supplied, and subsidiary files with extra extensions. To move the model to a
new location, you should move all such files, and keep them together at the
same relative paths. Here, the error suggests a 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' wile was
created alongside `DAN_OUTPUT`. That, and any other files beginning
`DAN_OUTPUT.` should be kept together to store/move your model. \- Gordon On
Thursday, January 25, 2018 at 11:40:26 AM UTC-8, Dan Sinykin wrote: > > I am
doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model > so I can
move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code: > > lda =
gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix, > id2word=dictionary,
num_topics=200) > print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200)) >
lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT') > > When I then try to load
'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error: > >
runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py', >
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles') > WARNING:root:random_state not
set so using default value > WARNING:root:failed to load state from
DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No > such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' >
> Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular >
extension? > > \-- You received this message because you are subscribed to the
Google Groups "gensim" group. To unsubscribe from this group and stop
receiving emails from it, send an email to
gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options, visit
https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

Often for efficiency when dealing with large data structures, a single
`save()` will generate multiple files - a master file with the name you
supplied, and subsidiary files with extra extensions. To move the model to a
new location, you should move all such files, and keep them together at the
same relative paths. Here, the error suggests a 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' wile was
created alongside `DAN_OUTPUT`. That, and any other files beginning
`DAN_OUTPUT.` should be kept together to store/move your model.

  

\- Gordon

  
On Thursday, January 25, 2018 at 11:40:26 AM UTC-8, Dan Sinykin wrote:

> I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model so
I can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code:

>

>  
>

>

> Â Â lda = gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix,
id2word=dictionary, num_topics=200)

>

> Â Â print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))

>

> Â Â lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT')

>

>  
>

>

> When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error:Â

>

>  
>

>

> Â Â runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles')

>

> Â Â WARNING:root:random_state not set so using default value

>

> Â Â WARNING:root:failed to load state from DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No
such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state'

>

>  
>

>

> Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular
extension?

>

>  
>

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
' b'Often for efficiency when dealing with large data structures, a single
`save()` will generate multiple files - a master file with the name you
supplied, and subsidiary files with extra extensions. To move the model to a
new location, you should move all such files, and keep them together at the
same relative paths. Here, the error suggests a 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' wile was
created alongside `DAN_OUTPUT`. That, and any other files beginning
`DAN_OUTPUT.` should be kept together to store/move your model. \- Gordon On
Thursday, January 25, 2018 at 11:40:26 AM UTC-8, Dan Sinykin wrote: > > I am
doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model > so I can
move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code: > > lda =
gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix, > id2word=dictionary,
num_topics=200) > print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200)) >
lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT') > > When I then try to load
'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error: > >
runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py', >
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles') > WARNING:root:random_state not
set so using default value > WARNING:root:failed to load state from
DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No > such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' >
> Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular >
extension? > > \-- You received this message because you are subscribed to the
Google Groups "gensim" group. To unsubscribe from this group and stop
receiving emails from it, send an email to
gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options, visit
https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

Often for efficiency when dealing with large data structures, a single
`save()` will generate multiple files - a master file with the name you
supplied, and subsidiary files with extra extensions. To move the model to a
new location, you should move all such files, and keep them together at the
same relative paths. Here, the error suggests a 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' wile was
created alongside `DAN_OUTPUT`. That, and any other files beginning
`DAN_OUTPUT.` should be kept together to store/move your model.

  

\- Gordon

  
On Thursday, January 25, 2018 at 11:40:26 AM UTC-8, Dan Sinykin wrote:

> I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model so
I can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code:

>

>  
>

>

> Â Â lda = gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix,
id2word=dictionary, num_topics=200)

>

> Â Â print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))

>

> Â Â lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT')

>

>  
>

>

> When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error:Â

>

>  
>

>

> Â Â runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles')

>

> Â Â WARNING:root:random_state not set so using default value

>

> Â Â WARNING:root:failed to load state from DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No
such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state'

>

>  
>

>

> Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular
extension?

>

>  
>

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
'

b'Often for efficiency when dealing with large data structures, a single
`save()` will generate multiple files - a master file with the name you
supplied, and subsidiary files with extra extensions. To move the model to a
new location, you should move all such files, and keep them together at the
same relative paths. Here, the error suggests a 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' wile was
created alongside `DAN_OUTPUT`. That, and any other files beginning
`DAN_OUTPUT.` should be kept together to store/move your model. \- Gordon On
Thursday, January 25, 2018 at 11:40:26 AM UTC-8, Dan Sinykin wrote: > > I am
doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model > so I can
move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code: > > lda =
gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix, > id2word=dictionary,
num_topics=200) > print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200)) >
lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT') > > When I then try to load
'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error: > >
runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py', >
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles') > WARNING:root:random_state not
set so using default value > WARNING:root:failed to load state from
DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No > such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' >
> Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular >
extension? > > \-- You received this message because you are subscribed to the
Google Groups "gensim" group. To unsubscribe from this group and stop
receiving emails from it, send an email to
gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options, visit
https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

Often for efficiency when dealing with large data structures, a single
`save()` will generate multiple files - a master file with the name you
supplied, and subsidiary files with extra extensions. To move the model to a
new location, you should move all such files, and keep them together at the
same relative paths. Here, the error suggests a 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' wile was
created alongside `DAN_OUTPUT`. That, and any other files beginning
`DAN_OUTPUT.` should be kept together to store/move your model.

  

\- Gordon

  
On Thursday, January 25, 2018 at 11:40:26 AM UTC-8, Dan Sinykin wrote:

> I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model so
I can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code:

>

>  
>

>

> Â Â lda = gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix,
id2word=dictionary, num_topics=200)

>

> Â Â print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))

>

> Â Â lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT')

>

>  
>

>

> When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error:Â

>

>  
>

>

> Â Â runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles')

>

> Â Â WARNING:root:random_state not set so using default value

>

> Â Â WARNING:root:failed to load state from DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No
such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state'

>

>  
>

>

> Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular
extension?

>

>  
>

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
' b'Often for efficiency when dealing with large data structures, a single
`save()` will generate multiple files - a master file with the name you
supplied, and subsidiary files with extra extensions. To move the model to a
new location, you should move all such files, and keep them together at the
same relative paths. Here, the error suggests a 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' wile was
created alongside `DAN_OUTPUT`. That, and any other files beginning
`DAN_OUTPUT.` should be kept together to store/move your model. \- Gordon On
Thursday, January 25, 2018 at 11:40:26 AM UTC-8, Dan Sinykin wrote: > > I am
doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model > so I can
move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code: > > lda =
gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix, > id2word=dictionary,
num_topics=200) > print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200)) >
lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT') > > When I then try to load
'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error: > >
runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py', >
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles') > WARNING:root:random_state not
set so using default value > WARNING:root:failed to load state from
DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No > such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' >
> Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular >
extension? > > \-- You received this message because you are subscribed to the
Google Groups "gensim" group. To unsubscribe from this group and stop
receiving emails from it, send an email to
gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options, visit
https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

Often for efficiency when dealing with large data structures, a single
`save()` will generate multiple files - a master file with the name you
supplied, and subsidiary files with extra extensions. To move the model to a
new location, you should move all such files, and keep them together at the
same relative paths. Here, the error suggests a 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' wile was
created alongside `DAN_OUTPUT`. That, and any other files beginning
`DAN_OUTPUT.` should be kept together to store/move your model.

  

\- Gordon

  
On Thursday, January 25, 2018 at 11:40:26 AM UTC-8, Dan Sinykin wrote:

> I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model so
I can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code:

>

>  
>

>

> Â Â lda = gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix,
id2word=dictionary, num_topics=200)

>

> Â Â print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))

>

> Â Â lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT')

>

>  
>

>

> When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error:Â

>

>  
>

>

> Â Â runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles')

>

> Â Â WARNING:root:random_state not set so using default value

>

> Â Â WARNING:root:failed to load state from DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No
such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state'

>

>  
>

>

> Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular
extension?

>

>  
>

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
' b'Often for efficiency when dealing with large data structures, a single
`save()` will generate multiple files - a master file with the name you
supplied, and subsidiary files with extra extensions. To move the model to a
new location, you should move all such files, and keep them together at the
same relative paths. Here, the error suggests a 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' wile was
created alongside `DAN_OUTPUT`. That, and any other files beginning
`DAN_OUTPUT.` should be kept together to store/move your model. \- Gordon On
Thursday, January 25, 2018 at 11:40:26 AM UTC-8, Dan Sinykin wrote: > > I am
doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model > so I can
move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code: > > lda =
gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix, > id2word=dictionary,
num_topics=200) > print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200)) >
lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT') > > When I then try to load
'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error: > >
runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py', >
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles') > WARNING:root:random_state not
set so using default value > WARNING:root:failed to load state from
DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No > such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' >
> Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular >
extension? > > \-- You received this message because you are subscribed to the
Google Groups "gensim" group. To unsubscribe from this group and stop
receiving emails from it, send an email to
gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options, visit
https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

Often for efficiency when dealing with large data structures, a single
`save()` will generate multiple files - a master file with the name you
supplied, and subsidiary files with extra extensions. To move the model to a
new location, you should move all such files, and keep them together at the
same relative paths. Here, the error suggests a 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' wile was
created alongside `DAN_OUTPUT`. That, and any other files beginning
`DAN_OUTPUT.` should be kept together to store/move your model.

  

\- Gordon

  
On Thursday, January 25, 2018 at 11:40:26 AM UTC-8, Dan Sinykin wrote:

> I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model so
I can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code:

>

>  
>

>

> Â Â lda = gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix,
id2word=dictionary, num_topics=200)

>

> Â Â print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))

>

> Â Â lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT')

>

>  
>

>

> When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error:Â

>

>  
>

>

> Â Â runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles')

>

> Â Â WARNING:root:random_state not set so using default value

>

> Â Â WARNING:root:failed to load state from DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No
such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state'

>

>  
>

>

> Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular
extension?

>

>  
>

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
'

b'Often for efficiency when dealing with large data structures, a single
`save()` will generate multiple files - a master file with the name you
supplied, and subsidiary files with extra extensions. To move the model to a
new location, you should move all such files, and keep them together at the
same relative paths. Here, the error suggests a 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' wile was
created alongside `DAN_OUTPUT`. That, and any other files beginning
`DAN_OUTPUT.` should be kept together to store/move your model. \- Gordon On
Thursday, January 25, 2018 at 11:40:26 AM UTC-8, Dan Sinykin wrote: > > I am
doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model > so I can
move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code: > > lda =
gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix, > id2word=dictionary,
num_topics=200) > print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200)) >
lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT') > > When I then try to load
'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error: > >
runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py', >
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles') > WARNING:root:random_state not
set so using default value > WARNING:root:failed to load state from
DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No > such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' >
> Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular >
extension? > > \-- You received this message because you are subscribed to the
Google Groups "gensim" group. To unsubscribe from this group and stop
receiving emails from it, send an email to
gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options, visit
https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

Often for efficiency when dealing with large data structures, a single
`save()` will generate multiple files - a master file with the name you
supplied, and subsidiary files with extra extensions. To move the model to a
new location, you should move all such files, and keep them together at the
same relative paths. Here, the error suggests a 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' wile was
created alongside `DAN_OUTPUT`. That, and any other files beginning
`DAN_OUTPUT.` should be kept together to store/move your model.

  

\- Gordon

  
On Thursday, January 25, 2018 at 11:40:26 AM UTC-8, Dan Sinykin wrote:

> I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model so
I can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code:

>

>  
>

>

> Â Â lda = gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix,
id2word=dictionary, num_topics=200)

>

> Â Â print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))

>

> Â Â lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT')

>

>  
>

>

> When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error:Â

>

>  
>

>

> Â Â runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles')

>

> Â Â WARNING:root:random_state not set so using default value

>

> Â Â WARNING:root:failed to load state from DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No
such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state'

>

>  
>

>

> Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular
extension?

>

>  
>

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
' b'Often for efficiency when dealing with large data structures, a single
`save()` will generate multiple files - a master file with the name you
supplied, and subsidiary files with extra extensions. To move the model to a
new location, you should move all such files, and keep them together at the
same relative paths. Here, the error suggests a 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' wile was
created alongside `DAN_OUTPUT`. That, and any other files beginning
`DAN_OUTPUT.` should be kept together to store/move your model. \- Gordon On
Thursday, January 25, 2018 at 11:40:26 AM UTC-8, Dan Sinykin wrote: > > I am
doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model > so I can
move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code: > > lda =
gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix, > id2word=dictionary,
num_topics=200) > print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200)) >
lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT') > > When I then try to load
'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error: > >
runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py', >
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles') > WARNING:root:random_state not
set so using default value > WARNING:root:failed to load state from
DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No > such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' >
> Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular >
extension? > > \-- You received this message because you are subscribed to the
Google Groups "gensim" group. To unsubscribe from this group and stop
receiving emails from it, send an email to
gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options, visit
https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

Often for efficiency when dealing with large data structures, a single
`save()` will generate multiple files - a master file with the name you
supplied, and subsidiary files with extra extensions. To move the model to a
new location, you should move all such files, and keep them together at the
same relative paths. Here, the error suggests a 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' wile was
created alongside `DAN_OUTPUT`. That, and any other files beginning
`DAN_OUTPUT.` should be kept together to store/move your model.

  

\- Gordon

  
On Thursday, January 25, 2018 at 11:40:26 AM UTC-8, Dan Sinykin wrote:

> I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model so
I can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code:

>

>  
>

>

> Â Â lda = gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix,
id2word=dictionary, num_topics=200)

>

> Â Â print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))

>

> Â Â lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT')

>

>  
>

>

> When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error:Â

>

>  
>

>

> Â Â runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles')

>

> Â Â WARNING:root:random_state not set so using default value

>

> Â Â WARNING:root:failed to load state from DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No
such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state'

>

>  
>

>

> Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular
extension?

>

>  
>

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
' b'Often for efficiency when dealing with large data structures, a single
`save()` will generate multiple files - a master file with the name you
supplied, and subsidiary files with extra extensions. To move the model to a
new location, you should move all such files, and keep them together at the
same relative paths. Here, the error suggests a 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' wile was
created alongside `DAN_OUTPUT`. That, and any other files beginning
`DAN_OUTPUT.` should be kept together to store/move your model. \- Gordon On
Thursday, January 25, 2018 at 11:40:26 AM UTC-8, Dan Sinykin wrote: > > I am
doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model > so I can
move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code: > > lda =
gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix, > id2word=dictionary,
num_topics=200) > print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200)) >
lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT') > > When I then try to load
'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error: > >
runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py', >
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles') > WARNING:root:random_state not
set so using default value > WARNING:root:failed to load state from
DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No > such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' >
> Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular >
extension? > > \-- You received this message because you are subscribed to the
Google Groups "gensim" group. To unsubscribe from this group and stop
receiving emails from it, send an email to
gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options, visit
https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

Often for efficiency when dealing with large data structures, a single
`save()` will generate multiple files - a master file with the name you
supplied, and subsidiary files with extra extensions. To move the model to a
new location, you should move all such files, and keep them together at the
same relative paths. Here, the error suggests a 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' wile was
created alongside `DAN_OUTPUT`. That, and any other files beginning
`DAN_OUTPUT.` should be kept together to store/move your model.

  

\- Gordon

  
On Thursday, January 25, 2018 at 11:40:26 AM UTC-8, Dan Sinykin wrote:

> I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model so
I can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code:

>

>  
>

>

> Â Â lda = gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix,
id2word=dictionary, num_topics=200)

>

> Â Â print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))

>

> Â Â lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT')

>

>  
>

>

> When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error:Â

>

>  
>

>

> Â Â runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles')

>

> Â Â WARNING:root:random_state not set so using default value

>

> Â Â WARNING:root:failed to load state from DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No
such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state'

>

>  
>

>

> Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular
extension?

>

>  
>

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
'

