b'I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model so
I can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code: lda =
gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix, id2word=dictionary,
num_topics=200) print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))
lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT') When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT',
I get this error: runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles') WARNING:root:random_state not set
so using default value WARNING:root:failed to load state from
DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' Can
anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular extension?
\-- You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group. To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from
it, send an email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options,
visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model so I
can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code:

  

Â Â lda = gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix,
id2word=dictionary, num_topics=200)

Â Â print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))

Â Â lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT')

  

When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error:Â

  

Â Â runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles')

Â Â WARNING:root:random_state not set so using default value

Â Â WARNING:root:failed to load state from DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No such
file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state'

  

Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular
extension?

  

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
' b'I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model
so I can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code: lda =
gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix, id2word=dictionary,
num_topics=200) print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))
lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT') When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT',
I get this error: runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles') WARNING:root:random_state not set
so using default value WARNING:root:failed to load state from
DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' Can
anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular extension?
\-- You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group. To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from
it, send an email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options,
visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model so I
can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code:

  

Â Â lda = gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix,
id2word=dictionary, num_topics=200)

Â Â print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))

Â Â lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT')

  

When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error:Â

  

Â Â runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles')

Â Â WARNING:root:random_state not set so using default value

Â Â WARNING:root:failed to load state from DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No such
file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state'

  

Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular
extension?

  

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
' b'I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model
so I can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code: lda =
gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix, id2word=dictionary,
num_topics=200) print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))
lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT') When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT',
I get this error: runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles') WARNING:root:random_state not set
so using default value WARNING:root:failed to load state from
DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' Can
anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular extension?
\-- You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group. To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from
it, send an email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options,
visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model so I
can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code:

  

Â Â lda = gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix,
id2word=dictionary, num_topics=200)

Â Â print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))

Â Â lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT')

  

When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error:Â

  

Â Â runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles')

Â Â WARNING:root:random_state not set so using default value

Â Â WARNING:root:failed to load state from DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No such
file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state'

  

Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular
extension?

  

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
'

b'I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model so
I can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code: lda =
gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix, id2word=dictionary,
num_topics=200) print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))
lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT') When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT',
I get this error: runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles') WARNING:root:random_state not set
so using default value WARNING:root:failed to load state from
DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' Can
anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular extension?
\-- You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group. To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from
it, send an email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options,
visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model so I
can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code:

  

Â Â lda = gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix,
id2word=dictionary, num_topics=200)

Â Â print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))

Â Â lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT')

  

When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error:Â

  

Â Â runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles')

Â Â WARNING:root:random_state not set so using default value

Â Â WARNING:root:failed to load state from DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No such
file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state'

  

Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular
extension?

  

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
' b'I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model
so I can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code: lda =
gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix, id2word=dictionary,
num_topics=200) print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))
lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT') When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT',
I get this error: runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles') WARNING:root:random_state not set
so using default value WARNING:root:failed to load state from
DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' Can
anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular extension?
\-- You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group. To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from
it, send an email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options,
visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model so I
can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code:

  

Â Â lda = gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix,
id2word=dictionary, num_topics=200)

Â Â print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))

Â Â lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT')

  

When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error:Â

  

Â Â runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles')

Â Â WARNING:root:random_state not set so using default value

Â Â WARNING:root:failed to load state from DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No such
file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state'

  

Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular
extension?

  

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
' b'I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model
so I can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code: lda =
gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix, id2word=dictionary,
num_topics=200) print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))
lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT') When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT',
I get this error: runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles') WARNING:root:random_state not set
so using default value WARNING:root:failed to load state from
DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' Can
anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular extension?
\-- You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group. To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from
it, send an email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options,
visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model so I
can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code:

  

Â Â lda = gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix,
id2word=dictionary, num_topics=200)

Â Â print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))

Â Â lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT')

  

When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error:Â

  

Â Â runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles')

Â Â WARNING:root:random_state not set so using default value

Â Â WARNING:root:failed to load state from DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No such
file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state'

  

Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular
extension?

  

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
'

b'I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model so
I can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code: lda =
gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix, id2word=dictionary,
num_topics=200) print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))
lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT') When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT',
I get this error: runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles') WARNING:root:random_state not set
so using default value WARNING:root:failed to load state from
DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' Can
anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular extension?
\-- You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group. To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from
it, send an email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options,
visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model so I
can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code:

  

Â Â lda = gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix,
id2word=dictionary, num_topics=200)

Â Â print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))

Â Â lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT')

  

When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error:Â

  

Â Â runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles')

Â Â WARNING:root:random_state not set so using default value

Â Â WARNING:root:failed to load state from DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No such
file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state'

  

Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular
extension?

  

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
' b'I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model
so I can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code: lda =
gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix, id2word=dictionary,
num_topics=200) print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))
lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT') When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT',
I get this error: runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles') WARNING:root:random_state not set
so using default value WARNING:root:failed to load state from
DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' Can
anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular extension?
\-- You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group. To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from
it, send an email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options,
visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model so I
can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code:

  

Â Â lda = gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix,
id2word=dictionary, num_topics=200)

Â Â print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))

Â Â lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT')

  

When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error:Â

  

Â Â runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles')

Â Â WARNING:root:random_state not set so using default value

Â Â WARNING:root:failed to load state from DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No such
file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state'

  

Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular
extension?

  

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
' b'I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model
so I can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code: lda =
gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix, id2word=dictionary,
num_topics=200) print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))
lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT') When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT',
I get this error: runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles') WARNING:root:random_state not set
so using default value WARNING:root:failed to load state from
DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' Can
anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular extension?
\-- You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group. To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from
it, send an email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options,
visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model so I
can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code:

  

Â Â lda = gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix,
id2word=dictionary, num_topics=200)

Â Â print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))

Â Â lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT')

  

When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error:Â

  

Â Â runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles')

Â Â WARNING:root:random_state not set so using default value

Â Â WARNING:root:failed to load state from DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No such
file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state'

  

Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular
extension?

  

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
'

b'I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model so
I can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code: lda =
gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix, id2word=dictionary,
num_topics=200) print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))
lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT') When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT',
I get this error: runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles') WARNING:root:random_state not set
so using default value WARNING:root:failed to load state from
DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' Can
anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular extension?
\-- You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group. To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from
it, send an email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options,
visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model so I
can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code:

  

Â Â lda = gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix,
id2word=dictionary, num_topics=200)

Â Â print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))

Â Â lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT')

  

When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error:Â

  

Â Â runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles')

Â Â WARNING:root:random_state not set so using default value

Â Â WARNING:root:failed to load state from DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No such
file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state'

  

Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular
extension?

  

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
' b'I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model
so I can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code: lda =
gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix, id2word=dictionary,
num_topics=200) print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))
lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT') When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT',
I get this error: runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles') WARNING:root:random_state not set
so using default value WARNING:root:failed to load state from
DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' Can
anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular extension?
\-- You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group. To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from
it, send an email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options,
visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model so I
can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code:

  

Â Â lda = gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix,
id2word=dictionary, num_topics=200)

Â Â print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))

Â Â lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT')

  

When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error:Â

  

Â Â runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles')

Â Â WARNING:root:random_state not set so using default value

Â Â WARNING:root:failed to load state from DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No such
file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state'

  

Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular
extension?

  

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
' b'I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model
so I can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code: lda =
gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix, id2word=dictionary,
num_topics=200) print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))
lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT') When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT',
I get this error: runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles') WARNING:root:random_state not set
so using default value WARNING:root:failed to load state from
DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' Can
anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular extension?
\-- You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group. To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from
it, send an email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options,
visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model so I
can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code:

  

Â Â lda = gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix,
id2word=dictionary, num_topics=200)

Â Â print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))

Â Â lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT')

  

When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error:Â

  

Â Â runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles')

Â Â WARNING:root:random_state not set so using default value

Â Â WARNING:root:failed to load state from DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No such
file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state'

  

Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular
extension?

  

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
'

b'I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model so
I can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code: lda =
gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix, id2word=dictionary,
num_topics=200) print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))
lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT') When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT',
I get this error: runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles') WARNING:root:random_state not set
so using default value WARNING:root:failed to load state from
DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' Can
anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular extension?
\-- You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group. To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from
it, send an email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options,
visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model so I
can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code:

  

Â Â lda = gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix,
id2word=dictionary, num_topics=200)

Â Â print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))

Â Â lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT')

  

When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error:Â

  

Â Â runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles')

Â Â WARNING:root:random_state not set so using default value

Â Â WARNING:root:failed to load state from DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No such
file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state'

  

Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular
extension?

  

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
' b'I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model
so I can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code: lda =
gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix, id2word=dictionary,
num_topics=200) print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))
lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT') When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT',
I get this error: runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles') WARNING:root:random_state not set
so using default value WARNING:root:failed to load state from
DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' Can
anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular extension?
\-- You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group. To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from
it, send an email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options,
visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model so I
can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code:

  

Â Â lda = gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix,
id2word=dictionary, num_topics=200)

Â Â print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))

Â Â lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT')

  

When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error:Â

  

Â Â runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles')

Â Â WARNING:root:random_state not set so using default value

Â Â WARNING:root:failed to load state from DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No such
file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state'

  

Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular
extension?

  

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
' b'I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model
so I can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code: lda =
gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix, id2word=dictionary,
num_topics=200) print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))
lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT') When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT',
I get this error: runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles') WARNING:root:random_state not set
so using default value WARNING:root:failed to load state from
DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' Can
anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular extension?
\-- You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group. To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from
it, send an email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options,
visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model so I
can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code:

  

Â Â lda = gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix,
id2word=dictionary, num_topics=200)

Â Â print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))

Â Â lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT')

  

When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error:Â

  

Â Â runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles')

Â Â WARNING:root:random_state not set so using default value

Â Â WARNING:root:failed to load state from DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No such
file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state'

  

Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular
extension?

  

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
'

b'I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model so
I can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code: lda =
gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix, id2word=dictionary,
num_topics=200) print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))
lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT') When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT',
I get this error: runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles') WARNING:root:random_state not set
so using default value WARNING:root:failed to load state from
DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' Can
anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular extension?
\-- You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group. To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from
it, send an email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options,
visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model so I
can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code:

  

Â Â lda = gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix,
id2word=dictionary, num_topics=200)

Â Â print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))

Â Â lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT')

  

When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error:Â

  

Â Â runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles')

Â Â WARNING:root:random_state not set so using default value

Â Â WARNING:root:failed to load state from DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No such
file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state'

  

Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular
extension?

  

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
' b'I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model
so I can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code: lda =
gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix, id2word=dictionary,
num_topics=200) print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))
lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT') When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT',
I get this error: runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles') WARNING:root:random_state not set
so using default value WARNING:root:failed to load state from
DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' Can
anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular extension?
\-- You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group. To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from
it, send an email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options,
visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model so I
can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code:

  

Â Â lda = gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix,
id2word=dictionary, num_topics=200)

Â Â print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))

Â Â lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT')

  

When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error:Â

  

Â Â runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles')

Â Â WARNING:root:random_state not set so using default value

Â Â WARNING:root:failed to load state from DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No such
file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state'

  

Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular
extension?

  

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
' b'I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model
so I can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code: lda =
gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix, id2word=dictionary,
num_topics=200) print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))
lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT') When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT',
I get this error: runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles') WARNING:root:random_state not set
so using default value WARNING:root:failed to load state from
DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' Can
anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular extension?
\-- You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group. To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from
it, send an email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options,
visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model so I
can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code:

  

Â Â lda = gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix,
id2word=dictionary, num_topics=200)

Â Â print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))

Â Â lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT')

  

When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error:Â

  

Â Â runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles')

Â Â WARNING:root:random_state not set so using default value

Â Â WARNING:root:failed to load state from DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No such
file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state'

  

Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular
extension?

  

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
'

b'I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model so
I can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code: lda =
gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix, id2word=dictionary,
num_topics=200) print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))
lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT') When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT',
I get this error: runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles') WARNING:root:random_state not set
so using default value WARNING:root:failed to load state from
DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' Can
anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular extension?
\-- You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group. To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from
it, send an email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options,
visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model so I
can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code:

  

Â Â lda = gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix,
id2word=dictionary, num_topics=200)

Â Â print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))

Â Â lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT')

  

When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error:Â

  

Â Â runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles')

Â Â WARNING:root:random_state not set so using default value

Â Â WARNING:root:failed to load state from DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No such
file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state'

  

Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular
extension?

  

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
' b'I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model
so I can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code: lda =
gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix, id2word=dictionary,
num_topics=200) print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))
lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT') When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT',
I get this error: runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles') WARNING:root:random_state not set
so using default value WARNING:root:failed to load state from
DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' Can
anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular extension?
\-- You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group. To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from
it, send an email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options,
visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model so I
can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code:

  

Â Â lda = gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix,
id2word=dictionary, num_topics=200)

Â Â print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))

Â Â lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT')

  

When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error:Â

  

Â Â runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles')

Â Â WARNING:root:random_state not set so using default value

Â Â WARNING:root:failed to load state from DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No such
file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state'

  

Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular
extension?

  

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
' b'I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model
so I can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code: lda =
gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix, id2word=dictionary,
num_topics=200) print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))
lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT') When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT',
I get this error: runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles') WARNING:root:random_state not set
so using default value WARNING:root:failed to load state from
DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No such file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state' Can
anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular extension?
\-- You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group. To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from
it, send an email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com. For more options,
visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout. ' b'

I am doing lda in a HathiTrust virtual machine. I need to save the model so I
can move it from the VM to my computer. Here is my very basic code:

  

Â Â lda = gensim.models.ldamodel.LdaModel(corpus=doc_term_matrix,
id2word=dictionary, num_topics=200)

Â Â print(lda.show_topics(num_topics=200))

Â Â lda[doc_term_matrix].save('DAN_OUTPUT')

  

When I then try to load 'DAN_OUTPUT', I get this error:Â

  

Â Â runfile('/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles/gensimTest.py',
wdir='/Users/dsinykin/Desktop/PythonFiles')

Â Â WARNING:root:random_state not set so using default value

Â Â WARNING:root:failed to load state from DAN_OUTPUT.state: [Errno 2] No such
file or directory: 'DAN_OUTPUT.state'

  

Can anyone help explain? Do I need to give the filename a particular
extension?

  

\--  
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
"gensim" group.  
To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
email to gensim+unsubscribe@googlegroups.com.  
For more options, visit https://groups.google.com/d/optout.  
'

