b'Dear friends, Days ago soldiers stormed my house in the dead of night and
dragged my 16-year-old daughter to prison. Now my little girl is in a cold
cell. I have dedicated my life toÂ civil resistance. That's why the army is
holding my baby -- they want to crush our spirit. But I have been a member of
Avaaz for eight years -- I have seen the power of this community if we all
stand together against injustice. My little girl's case goes to court onÂ 31Â
JanuaryÂ --Â but Israel's military courts convict 99% of Palestinians, even if
they are kids.Â Please join my urgent call below with one clickÂ -- weâll
deliver it directly to global leaders:
https://secure.avaaz.org/campaign/en/free_ahed_global_pa2/?bwBPElb&signup;=1&cl;=13814528711&v;=101971&_checksum=7e7edc888b40a8170f1a373a3e194a9f5e78381bc1a1b96592d94dea044972e1
To all world leaders: "We demand the release of Ahed and all Palestinian
children wrongly held in military prisons. The international community must
put an end to the detention and ill-treatment of children in these prisons.
Enough is enough. To Ahed and all the children in Israeli military jails: We
stand by your side, and are holding you in our hearts. We will not give up
until you are free. You are not alone."
https://secure.avaaz.org/campaign/en/free_ahed_global_pa2/?bwBPElb&signup;=1&cl;=13814528711&v;=101971&_checksum=7e7edc888b40a8170f1a373a3e194a9f5e78381bc1a1b96592d94dea044972e1
When I saw her in court she was pale and shivering, shackled and clearly in
pain. I wanted to cry but I couldnât, I have to stay strong so she stays
strong. Then the judge refused bail, and now my child could spend months or
years behind bars before even getting a fair trial. There is no reason for her
to be held like this! They took her away for slapping a heavily armed officer
after his soldiers shot her little cousin in the face, shattering his skull.
But instead of focusing on the shooting of a minor, they are focused on my
girl and are now charging her with 12 crimes. Over 12,000 Palestinian children
have been arrested since 2000! No matter where you stand on this conflict,Â we
can all agree no child should be thrown into a military prison without a fair
trial, and subjected to abuse. I have personally reached out to diplomats. But
my voice alone is not strong enough. That's why I'm appealing to you to stand
with me now. We know the military judges donât want global attention on
them, and Israel's politicians don't want the issue of child prisoners to
become a massive public scandal. Add your name -- we only have days:
https://secure.avaaz.org/campaign/en/free_ahed_global_pa2/?bwBPElb&signup;=1&cl;=13814528711&v;=101971&_checksum=7e7edc888b40a8170f1a373a3e194a9f5e78381bc1a1b96592d94dea044972e1
I have been inspired by this movement's strength and passion for freedom,
justice, and creating a better world for the next generation. That's why I am
reaching out to you -- because I know that if anyone can free my daughter and
all the children it is the Avaaz community. With hope and determination, Basem
Tamimi with the Avaaz team PS -- The Avaaz team has prepared this fact sheet
(https://avaazpress.s3.amazonaws.com/Child+Detention+Fact+Sheet.pdf) with more
information about Israelâs treatment of Palestinian children. More
information:Â Palestinian teen activist could face years in prison after
slapping an Israeli soldier (ABC News)Â
http://abcnews.go.com/International/palestinian-teen-activist-face-years-
prison-slapping-israeli/story?id=51913049 Palestinian Ahed Tamimi arrested by
Israeli forces (Al Jazeera)Â
http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/12/palestinian-ahed-tamimi-arrested-
israeli-forces-171219174834758.htmlÂ The Story Behind Ahed Tamimi's Slap: Her
Cousin's Head Shattered by Israeli Soldier's Bullet (Haaretz)
https://www.haaretz.com/israel-news/.premium-behind-ahed-tamimi-s-slap-her-
cousin-s-head-shattered-by-idf-bullet-1.5729500 Is This Where the Third
Intifada Will Start? (New York Times)Â
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/03/17/magazine/is-this-where-the-third-intifada-
will-start.html (http://www.nytimes.com/2013/03/17/magazine/is-this-where-the-
third-intifada-will-start.htmlPalestinian Ahed Tamimi to remain in jail during
trial (Al Jazeera)) Palestinian Ahed Tamimi to remain in jail during trial (Al
Jazeera) http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2018/01/palestinian-ahed-tamimi-remain-
jail-trial-180117132422405.html Palestine: Israeli Police Abusing Detained
Children (Human Rights Watch) https://www.hrw.org/news/2016/04/11/palestine-
israeli-police-abusing-detained-children Avaaz is a 44-million-person global
campaign network that works to ensure that the views and values of the world's
people shape global decision-making. ("Avaaz" means "voice" or "song" in many
languages.) Avaaz members live in every nation of the world; our team is
spread across 18 countries on 6 continents and operates in 17 languages. Learn
about some of Avaaz's biggest campaigns here:
https://www.avaaz.org/en/highlights.php/?footer or follow us on facebook here:
https://www.facebook.com/Avaaz or twitter here: https://twitter.com/Avaaz This
message was sent to deepanshu961@gmail.com. To change your email address,
language, or other information, contact us here:
https://www.avaaz.org/en/contact/?footer Want to leave this list? Send a
message to unsubscribe@avaaz.org, or click here:
https://secure.avaaz.org/act/?r=unsub&bwBPElb;&v;=101971〈=en&cid;=27221&_checksum=7e7edc888b40a8170f1a373a3e194a9f5e78381bc1a1b96592d94dea044972e1
To contact Avaaz, please do not reply to this email. Instead, write to us via
the form at https://www.avaaz.org/en/contact. You can also call us at
+1-888-922-8229 (US). ' b'  |  | **My 16-year-old daughter was dragged out of
her bed in the dead of night  **and arrested. Even though  **she is just a
child, the military refused to release her. She could spend years in jail.**
I have dedicated my life to civil resistance in Palestine. That's why the
Israeli army is holding my baby -- they want to crush my spirit. All I want is
to hold my daughter again.  **With one click, please join my appeal to get her
out** **:**  
  
---  
|

![Add my name](https://avaazimages.avaaz.org/27184_ahed_3_300x150.jpg)

  
**My 16-year-old daughter was dragged out of her bed in the dead of night
**and arrested. Even though  **she is just a child, the military refused to
release her. She could spend years in jail.**  I have dedicated my life to
civil resistance in Palestine. That's why the Israeli army is holding my baby
-- they want to crush my spirit. All I want is to hold my daughter again.
**With one click, please join my appeal to get her out** **:**  
  
|  Add my name  
---  
![](https://open.avaaz.org/act/open/13814528711.gif)

Dear friends,  
  
Days ago soldiers **stormed my house in the dead of night and dragged my**
**16-year-old** **daughter to prison.** Now my little girl is in a cold cell.  
  
I have dedicated my life to civil resistance. That's why the army is holding
my baby -- they want to crush our spirit. But I have been a member of Avaaz
for eight years -- I h __ave seen the power of this community if we all stand
together against injustice.  
  
My little girl's case goes to court on 31 January \-- but Israel's military
courts convict 99% of Palestinians, even if they are kids.  **Please join my
urgent call below _with one click_  **\-- weâll deliver it directly to
global leaders:  
  
**_Help free my daughter Ahed_**  
  
**_To all world leaders:_**  
 _  
"_ _We demand the release of Ahed and all Palestinian children wrongly held in
military prisons._  
  
 _The international community must put an end to the detention and ill-
treatment of children in these prisons. Enough is enough._  
  
 _To Ahed and all the children in Israeli military_ _jails: We stand by your
side, and are holding you in our hearts. We will not give up until you are
free. You are not alone._ _"_  
  
**_Help free my daughter Ahed_**  
  
When I saw her in court she was pale and shivering, shackled and clearly in
pain. I wanted to cry but I couldnât, I have to stay strong so she stays
strong.  
  
Then the judge refused bail, and now my child could spend months or years
behind bars before even getting a fair trial. There is no reason for her to be
held like this! They took her away for slapping a heavily armed officer after
his soldiers shot her little cousin in the face, shattering his skull. But
instead of focusing on the shooting of a minor, they are focused on my girl
and are now charging her with 12 crimes.  
  
 **Over 12,000 Palestinian children have been arrested since 2000**! No matter
where you stand on this conflict,  we can all agree no child should be thrown
into a military prison without a fair trial, and subjected to abuse.  
  
I have personally reached out to diplomats. But **my voice alone is not strong
enough.** That's why I'm appealing to you to stand with me now. We know the
military judges donât want global attention on them, and Israel's
politicians don't want the issue of child prisoners to become a massive public
scandal. **Add your name -- we only have days:**  
  
**_Help free my daughter Ahed_**  
  

I have been inspired by this movement's strength and passion for freedom,
justice, and creating a better world for the next generation. That's why I am
reaching out to you -- because I know that if anyone can free my daughter and
all the children it is the Avaaz community.  
  
With hope and determination,  
  
Basem Tamimi with the Avaaz team  
  
PS -- The Avaaz team has prepared this fact sheet with more information about
Israelâs treatment of Palestinian children.  
  
 **More information:  **  
  
Palestinian teen activist could face years in prison after slapping an Israeli
soldier (ABC News)  
http://abcnews.go.com/International/palestinian-teen-activist-face-years-
prison-slapping-israeli/story?id=51913049  
  
Palestinian Ahed Tamimi arrested by Israeli forces (Al Jazeera)  
http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/12/palestinian-ahed-tamimi-arrested-
israeli-forces-171219174834758.html  
  
The Story Behind Ahed Tamimi's Slap: Her Cousin's Head Shattered by Israeli
Soldier's Bullet (Haaretz)  
https://www.haaretz.com/israel-news/.premium-behind-ahed-tamimi-s-slap-her-
cousin-s-head-shattered-by-idf-bullet-1.5729500  
  
Is This Where the Third Intifada Will Start? (New York Times)  
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/03/17/magazine/is-this-where-the-third-intifada-
will-start.html  
  
Palestinian Ahed Tamimi to remain in jail during trial (Al Jazeera)  
http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2018/01/palestinian-ahed-tamimi-remain-jail-
trial-180117132422405.html  
  
Palestine: Israeli Police Abusing Detained Children (Human Rights Watch)  
https://www.hrw.org/news/2016/04/11/palestine-israeli-police-abusing-detained-
children  
  
**  
Avaaz is a 44-million-person global campaign network** that works to ensure
that the views and values of the world's people shape global decision-making.
("Avaaz" means "voice" or "song" in many languages.) Avaaz members live in
every nation of the world; our team is spread across 18 countries on 6
continents and operates in 17 languages. Learn about some of Avaaz's biggest
campaigns here, or follow us on Facebook or Twitter.  
  
You became a member of the Avaaz movement and started receiving these emails
when you signed "Join the "World to Trump" Open Letter" on 2017-01-31 using
the email address deepanshu961@gmail.com.  
To ensure that Avaaz messages reach your inbox, please add avaaz@avaaz.org to
your address book. To change your email address, language settings, or other
personal information, contact us, or simply **go here to unsubscribe**.  
  
To contact Avaaz, please **do not reply to this email.** Instead, write to us
at https://www.avaaz.org/en/contact/?footer or call us at +1-888-922-8229
(US). ' b'Dear friends, Days ago soldiers stormed my house in the dead of
night and dragged my 16-year-old daughter to prison. Now my little girl is in
a cold cell. I have dedicated my life toÂ civil resistance. That's why the
army is holding my baby -- they want to crush our spirit. But I have been a
member of Avaaz for eight years -- I have seen the power of this community if
we all stand together against injustice. My little girl's case goes to court
onÂ 31Â JanuaryÂ --Â but Israel's military courts convict 99% of Palestinians,
even if they are kids.Â Please join my urgent call below with one clickÂ --
weâll deliver it directly to global leaders:
https://secure.avaaz.org/campaign/en/free_ahed_global_pa2/?bwBPElb&signup;=1&cl;=13814528711&v;=101971&_checksum=7e7edc888b40a8170f1a373a3e194a9f5e78381bc1a1b96592d94dea044972e1
To all world leaders: "We demand the release of Ahed and all Palestinian
children wrongly held in military prisons. The international community must
put an end to the detention and ill-treatment of children in these prisons.
Enough is enough. To Ahed and all the children in Israeli military jails: We
stand by your side, and are holding you in our hearts. We will not give up
until you are free. You are not alone."
https://secure.avaaz.org/campaign/en/free_ahed_global_pa2/?bwBPElb&signup;=1&cl;=13814528711&v;=101971&_checksum=7e7edc888b40a8170f1a373a3e194a9f5e78381bc1a1b96592d94dea044972e1
When I saw her in court she was pale and shivering, shackled and clearly in
pain. I wanted to cry but I couldnât, I have to stay strong so she stays
strong. Then the judge refused bail, and now my child could spend months or
years behind bars before even getting a fair trial. There is no reason for her
to be held like this! They took her away for slapping a heavily armed officer
after his soldiers shot her little cousin in the face, shattering his skull.
But instead of focusing on the shooting of a minor, they are focused on my
girl and are now charging her with 12 crimes. Over 12,000 Palestinian children
have been arrested since 2000! No matter where you stand on this conflict,Â we
can all agree no child should be thrown into a military prison without a fair
trial, and subjected to abuse. I have personally reached out to diplomats. But
my voice alone is not strong enough. That's why I'm appealing to you to stand
with me now. We know the military judges donât want global attention on
them, and Israel's politicians don't want the issue of child prisoners to
become a massive public scandal. Add your name -- we only have days:
https://secure.avaaz.org/campaign/en/free_ahed_global_pa2/?bwBPElb&signup;=1&cl;=13814528711&v;=101971&_checksum=7e7edc888b40a8170f1a373a3e194a9f5e78381bc1a1b96592d94dea044972e1
I have been inspired by this movement's strength and passion for freedom,
justice, and creating a better world for the next generation. That's why I am
reaching out to you -- because I know that if anyone can free my daughter and
all the children it is the Avaaz community. With hope and determination, Basem
Tamimi with the Avaaz team PS -- The Avaaz team has prepared this fact sheet
(https://avaazpress.s3.amazonaws.com/Child+Detention+Fact+Sheet.pdf) with more
information about Israelâs treatment of Palestinian children. More
information:Â Palestinian teen activist could face years in prison after
slapping an Israeli soldier (ABC News)Â
http://abcnews.go.com/International/palestinian-teen-activist-face-years-
prison-slapping-israeli/story?id=51913049 Palestinian Ahed Tamimi arrested by
Israeli forces (Al Jazeera)Â
http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/12/palestinian-ahed-tamimi-arrested-
israeli-forces-171219174834758.htmlÂ The Story Behind Ahed Tamimi's Slap: Her
Cousin's Head Shattered by Israeli Soldier's Bullet (Haaretz)
https://www.haaretz.com/israel-news/.premium-behind-ahed-tamimi-s-slap-her-
cousin-s-head-shattered-by-idf-bullet-1.5729500 Is This Where the Third
Intifada Will Start? (New York Times)Â
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/03/17/magazine/is-this-where-the-third-intifada-
will-start.html (http://www.nytimes.com/2013/03/17/magazine/is-this-where-the-
third-intifada-will-start.htmlPalestinian Ahed Tamimi to remain in jail during
trial (Al Jazeera)) Palestinian Ahed Tamimi to remain in jail during trial (Al
Jazeera) http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2018/01/palestinian-ahed-tamimi-remain-
jail-trial-180117132422405.html Palestine: Israeli Police Abusing Detained
Children (Human Rights Watch) https://www.hrw.org/news/2016/04/11/palestine-
israeli-police-abusing-detained-children Avaaz is a 44-million-person global
campaign network that works to ensure that the views and values of the world's
people shape global decision-making. ("Avaaz" means "voice" or "song" in many
languages.) Avaaz members live in every nation of the world; our team is
spread across 18 countries on 6 continents and operates in 17 languages. Learn
about some of Avaaz's biggest campaigns here:
https://www.avaaz.org/en/highlights.php/?footer or follow us on facebook here:
https://www.facebook.com/Avaaz or twitter here: https://twitter.com/Avaaz This
message was sent to deepanshu961@gmail.com. To change your email address,
language, or other information, contact us here:
https://www.avaaz.org/en/contact/?footer Want to leave this list? Send a
message to unsubscribe@avaaz.org, or click here:
https://secure.avaaz.org/act/?r=unsub&bwBPElb;&v;=101971〈=en&cid;=27221&_checksum=7e7edc888b40a8170f1a373a3e194a9f5e78381bc1a1b96592d94dea044972e1
To contact Avaaz, please do not reply to this email. Instead, write to us via
the form at https://www.avaaz.org/en/contact. You can also call us at
+1-888-922-8229 (US). ' b'  |  | **My 16-year-old daughter was dragged out of
her bed in the dead of night  **and arrested. Even though  **she is just a
child, the military refused to release her. She could spend years in jail.**
I have dedicated my life to civil resistance in Palestine. That's why the
Israeli army is holding my baby -- they want to crush my spirit. All I want is
to hold my daughter again.  **With one click, please join my appeal to get her
out** **:**  
  
---  
|

![Add my name](https://avaazimages.avaaz.org/27184_ahed_3_300x150.jpg)

  
**My 16-year-old daughter was dragged out of her bed in the dead of night
**and arrested. Even though  **she is just a child, the military refused to
release her. She could spend years in jail.**  I have dedicated my life to
civil resistance in Palestine. That's why the Israeli army is holding my baby
-- they want to crush my spirit. All I want is to hold my daughter again.
**With one click, please join my appeal to get her out** **:**  
  
|  Add my name  
---  
![](https://open.avaaz.org/act/open/13814528711.gif)

Dear friends,  
  
Days ago soldiers **stormed my house in the dead of night and dragged my**
**16-year-old** **daughter to prison.** Now my little girl is in a cold cell.  
  
I have dedicated my life to civil resistance. That's why the army is holding
my baby -- they want to crush our spirit. But I have been a member of Avaaz
for eight years -- I h __ave seen the power of this community if we all stand
together against injustice.  
  
My little girl's case goes to court on 31 January \-- but Israel's military
courts convict 99% of Palestinians, even if they are kids.  **Please join my
urgent call below _with one click_  **\-- weâll deliver it directly to
global leaders:  
  
**_Help free my daughter Ahed_**  
  
**_To all world leaders:_**  
 _  
"_ _We demand the release of Ahed and all Palestinian children wrongly held in
military prisons._  
  
 _The international community must put an end to the detention and ill-
treatment of children in these prisons. Enough is enough._  
  
 _To Ahed and all the children in Israeli military_ _jails: We stand by your
side, and are holding you in our hearts. We will not give up until you are
free. You are not alone._ _"_  
  
**_Help free my daughter Ahed_**  
  
When I saw her in court she was pale and shivering, shackled and clearly in
pain. I wanted to cry but I couldnât, I have to stay strong so she stays
strong.  
  
Then the judge refused bail, and now my child could spend months or years
behind bars before even getting a fair trial. There is no reason for her to be
held like this! They took her away for slapping a heavily armed officer after
his soldiers shot her little cousin in the face, shattering his skull. But
instead of focusing on the shooting of a minor, they are focused on my girl
and are now charging her with 12 crimes.  
  
 **Over 12,000 Palestinian children have been arrested since 2000**! No matter
where you stand on this conflict,  we can all agree no child should be thrown
into a military prison without a fair trial, and subjected to abuse.  
  
I have personally reached out to diplomats. But **my voice alone is not strong
enough.** That's why I'm appealing to you to stand with me now. We know the
military judges donât want global attention on them, and Israel's
politicians don't want the issue of child prisoners to become a massive public
scandal. **Add your name -- we only have days:**  
  
**_Help free my daughter Ahed_**  
  

I have been inspired by this movement's strength and passion for freedom,
justice, and creating a better world for the next generation. That's why I am
reaching out to you -- because I know that if anyone can free my daughter and
all the children it is the Avaaz community.  
  
With hope and determination,  
  
Basem Tamimi with the Avaaz team  
  
PS -- The Avaaz team has prepared this fact sheet with more information about
Israelâs treatment of Palestinian children.  
  
 **More information:  **  
  
Palestinian teen activist could face years in prison after slapping an Israeli
soldier (ABC News)  
http://abcnews.go.com/International/palestinian-teen-activist-face-years-
prison-slapping-israeli/story?id=51913049  
  
Palestinian Ahed Tamimi arrested by Israeli forces (Al Jazeera)  
http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/12/palestinian-ahed-tamimi-arrested-
israeli-forces-171219174834758.html  
  
The Story Behind Ahed Tamimi's Slap: Her Cousin's Head Shattered by Israeli
Soldier's Bullet (Haaretz)  
https://www.haaretz.com/israel-news/.premium-behind-ahed-tamimi-s-slap-her-
cousin-s-head-shattered-by-idf-bullet-1.5729500  
  
Is This Where the Third Intifada Will Start? (New York Times)  
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/03/17/magazine/is-this-where-the-third-intifada-
will-start.html  
  
Palestinian Ahed Tamimi to remain in jail during trial (Al Jazeera)  
http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2018/01/palestinian-ahed-tamimi-remain-jail-
trial-180117132422405.html  
  
Palestine: Israeli Police Abusing Detained Children (Human Rights Watch)  
https://www.hrw.org/news/2016/04/11/palestine-israeli-police-abusing-detained-
children  
  
**  
Avaaz is a 44-million-person global campaign network** that works to ensure
that the views and values of the world's people shape global decision-making.
("Avaaz" means "voice" or "song" in many languages.) Avaaz members live in
every nation of the world; our team is spread across 18 countries on 6
continents and operates in 17 languages. Learn about some of Avaaz's biggest
campaigns here, or follow us on Facebook or Twitter.  
  
You became a member of the Avaaz movement and started receiving these emails
when you signed "Join the "World to Trump" Open Letter" on 2017-01-31 using
the email address deepanshu961@gmail.com.  
To ensure that Avaaz messages reach your inbox, please add avaaz@avaaz.org to
your address book. To change your email address, language settings, or other
personal information, contact us, or simply **go here to unsubscribe**.  
  
To contact Avaaz, please **do not reply to this email.** Instead, write to us
at https://www.avaaz.org/en/contact/?footer or call us at +1-888-922-8229
(US). '

b'Dear friends, Days ago soldiers stormed my house in the dead of night and
dragged my 16-year-old daughter to prison. Now my little girl is in a cold
cell. I have dedicated my life toÂ civil resistance. That's why the army is
holding my baby -- they want to crush our spirit. But I have been a member of
Avaaz for eight years -- I have seen the power of this community if we all
stand together against injustice. My little girl's case goes to court onÂ 31Â
JanuaryÂ --Â but Israel's military courts convict 99% of Palestinians, even if
they are kids.Â Please join my urgent call below with one clickÂ -- weâll
deliver it directly to global leaders:
https://secure.avaaz.org/campaign/en/free_ahed_global_pa2/?bwBPElb&signup;=1&cl;=13814528711&v;=101971&_checksum=7e7edc888b40a8170f1a373a3e194a9f5e78381bc1a1b96592d94dea044972e1
To all world leaders: "We demand the release of Ahed and all Palestinian
children wrongly held in military prisons. The international community must
put an end to the detention and ill-treatment of children in these prisons.
Enough is enough. To Ahed and all the children in Israeli military jails: We
stand by your side, and are holding you in our hearts. We will not give up
until you are free. You are not alone."
https://secure.avaaz.org/campaign/en/free_ahed_global_pa2/?bwBPElb&signup;=1&cl;=13814528711&v;=101971&_checksum=7e7edc888b40a8170f1a373a3e194a9f5e78381bc1a1b96592d94dea044972e1
When I saw her in court she was pale and shivering, shackled and clearly in
pain. I wanted to cry but I couldnât, I have to stay strong so she stays
strong. Then the judge refused bail, and now my child could spend months or
years behind bars before even getting a fair trial. There is no reason for her
to be held like this! They took her away for slapping a heavily armed officer
after his soldiers shot her little cousin in the face, shattering his skull.
But instead of focusing on the shooting of a minor, they are focused on my
girl and are now charging her with 12 crimes. Over 12,000 Palestinian children
have been arrested since 2000! No matter where you stand on this conflict,Â we
can all agree no child should be thrown into a military prison without a fair
trial, and subjected to abuse. I have personally reached out to diplomats. But
my voice alone is not strong enough. That's why I'm appealing to you to stand
with me now. We know the military judges donât want global attention on
them, and Israel's politicians don't want the issue of child prisoners to
become a massive public scandal. Add your name -- we only have days:
https://secure.avaaz.org/campaign/en/free_ahed_global_pa2/?bwBPElb&signup;=1&cl;=13814528711&v;=101971&_checksum=7e7edc888b40a8170f1a373a3e194a9f5e78381bc1a1b96592d94dea044972e1
I have been inspired by this movement's strength and passion for freedom,
justice, and creating a better world for the next generation. That's why I am
reaching out to you -- because I know that if anyone can free my daughter and
all the children it is the Avaaz community. With hope and determination, Basem
Tamimi with the Avaaz team PS -- The Avaaz team has prepared this fact sheet
(https://avaazpress.s3.amazonaws.com/Child+Detention+Fact+Sheet.pdf) with more
information about Israelâs treatment of Palestinian children. More
information:Â Palestinian teen activist could face years in prison after
slapping an Israeli soldier (ABC News)Â
http://abcnews.go.com/International/palestinian-teen-activist-face-years-
prison-slapping-israeli/story?id=51913049 Palestinian Ahed Tamimi arrested by
Israeli forces (Al Jazeera)Â
http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/12/palestinian-ahed-tamimi-arrested-
israeli-forces-171219174834758.htmlÂ The Story Behind Ahed Tamimi's Slap: Her
Cousin's Head Shattered by Israeli Soldier's Bullet (Haaretz)
https://www.haaretz.com/israel-news/.premium-behind-ahed-tamimi-s-slap-her-
cousin-s-head-shattered-by-idf-bullet-1.5729500 Is This Where the Third
Intifada Will Start? (New York Times)Â
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/03/17/magazine/is-this-where-the-third-intifada-
will-start.html (http://www.nytimes.com/2013/03/17/magazine/is-this-where-the-
third-intifada-will-start.htmlPalestinian Ahed Tamimi to remain in jail during
trial (Al Jazeera)) Palestinian Ahed Tamimi to remain in jail during trial (Al
Jazeera) http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2018/01/palestinian-ahed-tamimi-remain-
jail-trial-180117132422405.html Palestine: Israeli Police Abusing Detained
Children (Human Rights Watch) https://www.hrw.org/news/2016/04/11/palestine-
israeli-police-abusing-detained-children Avaaz is a 44-million-person global
campaign network that works to ensure that the views and values of the world's
people shape global decision-making. ("Avaaz" means "voice" or "song" in many
languages.) Avaaz members live in every nation of the world; our team is
spread across 18 countries on 6 continents and operates in 17 languages. Learn
about some of Avaaz's biggest campaigns here:
https://www.avaaz.org/en/highlights.php/?footer or follow us on facebook here:
https://www.facebook.com/Avaaz or twitter here: https://twitter.com/Avaaz This
message was sent to deepanshu961@gmail.com. To change your email address,
language, or other information, contact us here:
https://www.avaaz.org/en/contact/?footer Want to leave this list? Send a
message to unsubscribe@avaaz.org, or click here:
https://secure.avaaz.org/act/?r=unsub&bwBPElb;&v;=101971〈=en&cid;=27221&_checksum=7e7edc888b40a8170f1a373a3e194a9f5e78381bc1a1b96592d94dea044972e1
To contact Avaaz, please do not reply to this email. Instead, write to us via
the form at https://www.avaaz.org/en/contact. You can also call us at
+1-888-922-8229 (US). ' b'  |  | **My 16-year-old daughter was dragged out of
her bed in the dead of night  **and arrested. Even though  **she is just a
child, the military refused to release her. She could spend years in jail.**
I have dedicated my life to civil resistance in Palestine. That's why the
Israeli army is holding my baby -- they want to crush my spirit. All I want is
to hold my daughter again.  **With one click, please join my appeal to get her
out** **:**  
  
---  
|

![Add my name](https://avaazimages.avaaz.org/27184_ahed_3_300x150.jpg)

  
**My 16-year-old daughter was dragged out of her bed in the dead of night
**and arrested. Even though  **she is just a child, the military refused to
release her. She could spend years in jail.**  I have dedicated my life to
civil resistance in Palestine. That's why the Israeli army is holding my baby
-- they want to crush my spirit. All I want is to hold my daughter again.
**With one click, please join my appeal to get her out** **:**  
  
|  Add my name  
---  
![](https://open.avaaz.org/act/open/13814528711.gif)

Dear friends,  
  
Days ago soldiers **stormed my house in the dead of night and dragged my**
**16-year-old** **daughter to prison.** Now my little girl is in a cold cell.  
  
I have dedicated my life to civil resistance. That's why the army is holding
my baby -- they want to crush our spirit. But I have been a member of Avaaz
for eight years -- I h __ave seen the power of this community if we all stand
together against injustice.  
  
My little girl's case goes to court on 31 January \-- but Israel's military
courts convict 99% of Palestinians, even if they are kids.  **Please join my
urgent call below _with one click_  **\-- weâll deliver it directly to
global leaders:  
  
**_Help free my daughter Ahed_**  
  
**_To all world leaders:_**  
 _  
"_ _We demand the release of Ahed and all Palestinian children wrongly held in
military prisons._  
  
 _The international community must put an end to the detention and ill-
treatment of children in these prisons. Enough is enough._  
  
 _To Ahed and all the children in Israeli military_ _jails: We stand by your
side, and are holding you in our hearts. We will not give up until you are
free. You are not alone._ _"_  
  
**_Help free my daughter Ahed_**  
  
When I saw her in court she was pale and shivering, shackled and clearly in
pain. I wanted to cry but I couldnât, I have to stay strong so she stays
strong.  
  
Then the judge refused bail, and now my child could spend months or years
behind bars before even getting a fair trial. There is no reason for her to be
held like this! They took her away for slapping a heavily armed officer after
his soldiers shot her little cousin in the face, shattering his skull. But
instead of focusing on the shooting of a minor, they are focused on my girl
and are now charging her with 12 crimes.  
  
 **Over 12,000 Palestinian children have been arrested since 2000**! No matter
where you stand on this conflict,  we can all agree no child should be thrown
into a military prison without a fair trial, and subjected to abuse.  
  
I have personally reached out to diplomats. But **my voice alone is not strong
enough.** That's why I'm appealing to you to stand with me now. We know the
military judges donât want global attention on them, and Israel's
politicians don't want the issue of child prisoners to become a massive public
scandal. **Add your name -- we only have days:**  
  
**_Help free my daughter Ahed_**  
  

I have been inspired by this movement's strength and passion for freedom,
justice, and creating a better world for the next generation. That's why I am
reaching out to you -- because I know that if anyone can free my daughter and
all the children it is the Avaaz community.  
  
With hope and determination,  
  
Basem Tamimi with the Avaaz team  
  
PS -- The Avaaz team has prepared this fact sheet with more information about
Israelâs treatment of Palestinian children.  
  
 **More information:  **  
  
Palestinian teen activist could face years in prison after slapping an Israeli
soldier (ABC News)  
http://abcnews.go.com/International/palestinian-teen-activist-face-years-
prison-slapping-israeli/story?id=51913049  
  
Palestinian Ahed Tamimi arrested by Israeli forces (Al Jazeera)  
http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/12/palestinian-ahed-tamimi-arrested-
israeli-forces-171219174834758.html  
  
The Story Behind Ahed Tamimi's Slap: Her Cousin's Head Shattered by Israeli
Soldier's Bullet (Haaretz)  
https://www.haaretz.com/israel-news/.premium-behind-ahed-tamimi-s-slap-her-
cousin-s-head-shattered-by-idf-bullet-1.5729500  
  
Is This Where the Third Intifada Will Start? (New York Times)  
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/03/17/magazine/is-this-where-the-third-intifada-
will-start.html  
  
Palestinian Ahed Tamimi to remain in jail during trial (Al Jazeera)  
http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2018/01/palestinian-ahed-tamimi-remain-jail-
trial-180117132422405.html  
  
Palestine: Israeli Police Abusing Detained Children (Human Rights Watch)  
https://www.hrw.org/news/2016/04/11/palestine-israeli-police-abusing-detained-
children  
  
**  
Avaaz is a 44-million-person global campaign network** that works to ensure
that the views and values of the world's people shape global decision-making.
("Avaaz" means "voice" or "song" in many languages.) Avaaz members live in
every nation of the world; our team is spread across 18 countries on 6
continents and operates in 17 languages. Learn about some of Avaaz's biggest
campaigns here, or follow us on Facebook or Twitter.  
  
You became a member of the Avaaz movement and started receiving these emails
when you signed "Join the "World to Trump" Open Letter" on 2017-01-31 using
the email address deepanshu961@gmail.com.  
To ensure that Avaaz messages reach your inbox, please add avaaz@avaaz.org to
your address book. To change your email address, language settings, or other
personal information, contact us, or simply **go here to unsubscribe**.  
  
To contact Avaaz, please **do not reply to this email.** Instead, write to us
at https://www.avaaz.org/en/contact/?footer or call us at +1-888-922-8229
(US). ' b'Dear friends, Days ago soldiers stormed my house in the dead of
night and dragged my 16-year-old daughter to prison. Now my little girl is in
a cold cell. I have dedicated my life toÂ civil resistance. That's why the
army is holding my baby -- they want to crush our spirit. But I have been a
member of Avaaz for eight years -- I have seen the power of this community if
we all stand together against injustice. My little girl's case goes to court
onÂ 31Â JanuaryÂ --Â but Israel's military courts convict 99% of Palestinians,
even if they are kids.Â Please join my urgent call below with one clickÂ --
weâll deliver it directly to global leaders:
https://secure.avaaz.org/campaign/en/free_ahed_global_pa2/?bwBPElb&signup;=1&cl;=13814528711&v;=101971&_checksum=7e7edc888b40a8170f1a373a3e194a9f5e78381bc1a1b96592d94dea044972e1
To all world leaders: "We demand the release of Ahed and all Palestinian
children wrongly held in military prisons. The international community must
put an end to the detention and ill-treatment of children in these prisons.
Enough is enough. To Ahed and all the children in Israeli military jails: We
stand by your side, and are holding you in our hearts. We will not give up
until you are free. You are not alone."
https://secure.avaaz.org/campaign/en/free_ahed_global_pa2/?bwBPElb&signup;=1&cl;=13814528711&v;=101971&_checksum=7e7edc888b40a8170f1a373a3e194a9f5e78381bc1a1b96592d94dea044972e1
When I saw her in court she was pale and shivering, shackled and clearly in
pain. I wanted to cry but I couldnât, I have to stay strong so she stays
strong. Then the judge refused bail, and now my child could spend months or
years behind bars before even getting a fair trial. There is no reason for her
to be held like this! They took her away for slapping a heavily armed officer
after his soldiers shot her little cousin in the face, shattering his skull.
But instead of focusing on the shooting of a minor, they are focused on my
girl and are now charging her with 12 crimes. Over 12,000 Palestinian children
have been arrested since 2000! No matter where you stand on this conflict,Â we
can all agree no child should be thrown into a military prison without a fair
trial, and subjected to abuse. I have personally reached out to diplomats. But
my voice alone is not strong enough. That's why I'm appealing to you to stand
with me now. We know the military judges donât want global attention on
them, and Israel's politicians don't want the issue of child prisoners to
become a massive public scandal. Add your name -- we only have days:
https://secure.avaaz.org/campaign/en/free_ahed_global_pa2/?bwBPElb&signup;=1&cl;=13814528711&v;=101971&_checksum=7e7edc888b40a8170f1a373a3e194a9f5e78381bc1a1b96592d94dea044972e1
I have been inspired by this movement's strength and passion for freedom,
justice, and creating a better world for the next generation. That's why I am
reaching out to you -- because I know that if anyone can free my daughter and
all the children it is the Avaaz community. With hope and determination, Basem
Tamimi with the Avaaz team PS -- The Avaaz team has prepared this fact sheet
(https://avaazpress.s3.amazonaws.com/Child+Detention+Fact+Sheet.pdf) with more
information about Israelâs treatment of Palestinian children. More
information:Â Palestinian teen activist could face years in prison after
slapping an Israeli soldier (ABC News)Â
http://abcnews.go.com/International/palestinian-teen-activist-face-years-
prison-slapping-israeli/story?id=51913049 Palestinian Ahed Tamimi arrested by
Israeli forces (Al Jazeera)Â
http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/12/palestinian-ahed-tamimi-arrested-
israeli-forces-171219174834758.htmlÂ The Story Behind Ahed Tamimi's Slap: Her
Cousin's Head Shattered by Israeli Soldier's Bullet (Haaretz)
https://www.haaretz.com/israel-news/.premium-behind-ahed-tamimi-s-slap-her-
cousin-s-head-shattered-by-idf-bullet-1.5729500 Is This Where the Third
Intifada Will Start? (New York Times)Â
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/03/17/magazine/is-this-where-the-third-intifada-
will-start.html (http://www.nytimes.com/2013/03/17/magazine/is-this-where-the-
third-intifada-will-start.htmlPalestinian Ahed Tamimi to remain in jail during
trial (Al Jazeera)) Palestinian Ahed Tamimi to remain in jail during trial (Al
Jazeera) http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2018/01/palestinian-ahed-tamimi-remain-
jail-trial-180117132422405.html Palestine: Israeli Police Abusing Detained
Children (Human Rights Watch) https://www.hrw.org/news/2016/04/11/palestine-
israeli-police-abusing-detained-children Avaaz is a 44-million-person global
campaign network that works to ensure that the views and values of the world's
people shape global decision-making. ("Avaaz" means "voice" or "song" in many
languages.) Avaaz members live in every nation of the world; our team is
spread across 18 countries on 6 continents and operates in 17 languages. Learn
about some of Avaaz's biggest campaigns here:
https://www.avaaz.org/en/highlights.php/?footer or follow us on facebook here:
https://www.facebook.com/Avaaz or twitter here: https://twitter.com/Avaaz This
message was sent to deepanshu961@gmail.com. To change your email address,
language, or other information, contact us here:
https://www.avaaz.org/en/contact/?footer Want to leave this list? Send a
message to unsubscribe@avaaz.org, or click here:
https://secure.avaaz.org/act/?r=unsub&bwBPElb;&v;=101971〈=en&cid;=27221&_checksum=7e7edc888b40a8170f1a373a3e194a9f5e78381bc1a1b96592d94dea044972e1
To contact Avaaz, please do not reply to this email. Instead, write to us via
the form at https://www.avaaz.org/en/contact. You can also call us at
+1-888-922-8229 (US). ' b'  |  | **My 16-year-old daughter was dragged out of
her bed in the dead of night  **and arrested. Even though  **she is just a
child, the military refused to release her. She could spend years in jail.**
I have dedicated my life to civil resistance in Palestine. That's why the
Israeli army is holding my baby -- they want to crush my spirit. All I want is
to hold my daughter again.  **With one click, please join my appeal to get her
out** **:**  
  
---  
|

![Add my name](https://avaazimages.avaaz.org/27184_ahed_3_300x150.jpg)

  
**My 16-year-old daughter was dragged out of her bed in the dead of night
**and arrested. Even though  **she is just a child, the military refused to
release her. She could spend years in jail.**  I have dedicated my life to
civil resistance in Palestine. That's why the Israeli army is holding my baby
-- they want to crush my spirit. All I want is to hold my daughter again.
**With one click, please join my appeal to get her out** **:**  
  
|  Add my name  
---  
![](https://open.avaaz.org/act/open/13814528711.gif)

Dear friends,  
  
Days ago soldiers **stormed my house in the dead of night and dragged my**
**16-year-old** **daughter to prison.** Now my little girl is in a cold cell.  
  
I have dedicated my life to civil resistance. That's why the army is holding
my baby -- they want to crush our spirit. But I have been a member of Avaaz
for eight years -- I h __ave seen the power of this community if we all stand
together against injustice.  
  
My little girl's case goes to court on 31 January \-- but Israel's military
courts convict 99% of Palestinians, even if they are kids.  **Please join my
urgent call below _with one click_  **\-- weâll deliver it directly to
global leaders:  
  
**_Help free my daughter Ahed_**  
  
**_To all world leaders:_**  
 _  
"_ _We demand the release of Ahed and all Palestinian children wrongly held in
military prisons._  
  
 _The international community must put an end to the detention and ill-
treatment of children in these prisons. Enough is enough._  
  
 _To Ahed and all the children in Israeli military_ _jails: We stand by your
side, and are holding you in our hearts. We will not give up until you are
free. You are not alone._ _"_  
  
**_Help free my daughter Ahed_**  
  
When I saw her in court she was pale and shivering, shackled and clearly in
pain. I wanted to cry but I couldnât, I have to stay strong so she stays
strong.  
  
Then the judge refused bail, and now my child could spend months or years
behind bars before even getting a fair trial. There is no reason for her to be
held like this! They took her away for slapping a heavily armed officer after
his soldiers shot her little cousin in the face, shattering his skull. But
instead of focusing on the shooting of a minor, they are focused on my girl
and are now charging her with 12 crimes.  
  
 **Over 12,000 Palestinian children have been arrested since 2000**! No matter
where you stand on this conflict,  we can all agree no child should be thrown
into a military prison without a fair trial, and subjected to abuse.  
  
I have personally reached out to diplomats. But **my voice alone is not strong
enough.** That's why I'm appealing to you to stand with me now. We know the
military judges donât want global attention on them, and Israel's
politicians don't want the issue of child prisoners to become a massive public
scandal. **Add your name -- we only have days:**  
  
**_Help free my daughter Ahed_**  
  

I have been inspired by this movement's strength and passion for freedom,
justice, and creating a better world for the next generation. That's why I am
reaching out to you -- because I know that if anyone can free my daughter and
all the children it is the Avaaz community.  
  
With hope and determination,  
  
Basem Tamimi with the Avaaz team  
  
PS -- The Avaaz team has prepared this fact sheet with more information about
Israelâs treatment of Palestinian children.  
  
 **More information:  **  
  
Palestinian teen activist could face years in prison after slapping an Israeli
soldier (ABC News)  
http://abcnews.go.com/International/palestinian-teen-activist-face-years-
prison-slapping-israeli/story?id=51913049  
  
Palestinian Ahed Tamimi arrested by Israeli forces (Al Jazeera)  
http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/12/palestinian-ahed-tamimi-arrested-
israeli-forces-171219174834758.html  
  
The Story Behind Ahed Tamimi's Slap: Her Cousin's Head Shattered by Israeli
Soldier's Bullet (Haaretz)  
https://www.haaretz.com/israel-news/.premium-behind-ahed-tamimi-s-slap-her-
cousin-s-head-shattered-by-idf-bullet-1.5729500  
  
Is This Where the Third Intifada Will Start? (New York Times)  
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/03/17/magazine/is-this-where-the-third-intifada-
will-start.html  
  
Palestinian Ahed Tamimi to remain in jail during trial (Al Jazeera)  
http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2018/01/palestinian-ahed-tamimi-remain-jail-
trial-180117132422405.html  
  
Palestine: Israeli Police Abusing Detained Children (Human Rights Watch)  
https://www.hrw.org/news/2016/04/11/palestine-israeli-police-abusing-detained-
children  
  
**  
Avaaz is a 44-million-person global campaign network** that works to ensure
that the views and values of the world's people shape global decision-making.
("Avaaz" means "voice" or "song" in many languages.) Avaaz members live in
every nation of the world; our team is spread across 18 countries on 6
continents and operates in 17 languages. Learn about some of Avaaz's biggest
campaigns here, or follow us on Facebook or Twitter.  
  
You became a member of the Avaaz movement and started receiving these emails
when you signed "Join the "World to Trump" Open Letter" on 2017-01-31 using
the email address deepanshu961@gmail.com.  
To ensure that Avaaz messages reach your inbox, please add avaaz@avaaz.org to
your address book. To change your email address, language settings, or other
personal information, contact us, or simply **go here to unsubscribe**.  
  
To contact Avaaz, please **do not reply to this email.** Instead, write to us
at https://www.avaaz.org/en/contact/?footer or call us at +1-888-922-8229
(US). '

b'Dear friends, Days ago soldiers stormed my house in the dead of night and
dragged my 16-year-old daughter to prison. Now my little girl is in a cold
cell. I have dedicated my life toÂ civil resistance. That's why the army is
holding my baby -- they want to crush our spirit. But I have been a member of
Avaaz for eight years -- I have seen the power of this community if we all
stand together against injustice. My little girl's case goes to court onÂ 31Â
JanuaryÂ --Â but Israel's military courts convict 99% of Palestinians, even if
they are kids.Â Please join my urgent call below with one clickÂ -- weâll
deliver it directly to global leaders:
https://secure.avaaz.org/campaign/en/free_ahed_global_pa2/?bwBPElb&signup;=1&cl;=13814528711&v;=101971&_checksum=7e7edc888b40a8170f1a373a3e194a9f5e78381bc1a1b96592d94dea044972e1
To all world leaders: "We demand the release of Ahed and all Palestinian
children wrongly held in military prisons. The international community must
put an end to the detention and ill-treatment of children in these prisons.
Enough is enough. To Ahed and all the children in Israeli military jails: We
stand by your side, and are holding you in our hearts. We will not give up
until you are free. You are not alone."
https://secure.avaaz.org/campaign/en/free_ahed_global_pa2/?bwBPElb&signup;=1&cl;=13814528711&v;=101971&_checksum=7e7edc888b40a8170f1a373a3e194a9f5e78381bc1a1b96592d94dea044972e1
When I saw her in court she was pale and shivering, shackled and clearly in
pain. I wanted to cry but I couldnât, I have to stay strong so she stays
strong. Then the judge refused bail, and now my child could spend months or
years behind bars before even getting a fair trial. There is no reason for her
to be held like this! They took her away for slapping a heavily armed officer
after his soldiers shot her little cousin in the face, shattering his skull.
But instead of focusing on the shooting of a minor, they are focused on my
girl and are now charging her with 12 crimes. Over 12,000 Palestinian children
have been arrested since 2000! No matter where you stand on this conflict,Â we
can all agree no child should be thrown into a military prison without a fair
trial, and subjected to abuse. I have personally reached out to diplomats. But
my voice alone is not strong enough. That's why I'm appealing to you to stand
with me now. We know the military judges donât want global attention on
them, and Israel's politicians don't want the issue of child prisoners to
become a massive public scandal. Add your name -- we only have days:
https://secure.avaaz.org/campaign/en/free_ahed_global_pa2/?bwBPElb&signup;=1&cl;=13814528711&v;=101971&_checksum=7e7edc888b40a8170f1a373a3e194a9f5e78381bc1a1b96592d94dea044972e1
I have been inspired by this movement's strength and passion for freedom,
justice, and creating a better world for the next generation. That's why I am
reaching out to you -- because I know that if anyone can free my daughter and
all the children it is the Avaaz community. With hope and determination, Basem
Tamimi with the Avaaz team PS -- The Avaaz team has prepared this fact sheet
(https://avaazpress.s3.amazonaws.com/Child+Detention+Fact+Sheet.pdf) with more
information about Israelâs treatment of Palestinian children. More
information:Â Palestinian teen activist could face years in prison after
slapping an Israeli soldier (ABC News)Â
http://abcnews.go.com/International/palestinian-teen-activist-face-years-
prison-slapping-israeli/story?id=51913049 Palestinian Ahed Tamimi arrested by
Israeli forces (Al Jazeera)Â
http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/12/palestinian-ahed-tamimi-arrested-
israeli-forces-171219174834758.htmlÂ The Story Behind Ahed Tamimi's Slap: Her
Cousin's Head Shattered by Israeli Soldier's Bullet (Haaretz)
https://www.haaretz.com/israel-news/.premium-behind-ahed-tamimi-s-slap-her-
cousin-s-head-shattered-by-idf-bullet-1.5729500 Is This Where the Third
Intifada Will Start? (New York Times)Â
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/03/17/magazine/is-this-where-the-third-intifada-
will-start.html (http://www.nytimes.com/2013/03/17/magazine/is-this-where-the-
third-intifada-will-start.htmlPalestinian Ahed Tamimi to remain in jail during
trial (Al Jazeera)) Palestinian Ahed Tamimi to remain in jail during trial (Al
Jazeera) http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2018/01/palestinian-ahed-tamimi-remain-
jail-trial-180117132422405.html Palestine: Israeli Police Abusing Detained
Children (Human Rights Watch) https://www.hrw.org/news/2016/04/11/palestine-
israeli-police-abusing-detained-children Avaaz is a 44-million-person global
campaign network that works to ensure that the views and values of the world's
people shape global decision-making. ("Avaaz" means "voice" or "song" in many
languages.) Avaaz members live in every nation of the world; our team is
spread across 18 countries on 6 continents and operates in 17 languages. Learn
about some of Avaaz's biggest campaigns here:
https://www.avaaz.org/en/highlights.php/?footer or follow us on facebook here:
https://www.facebook.com/Avaaz or twitter here: https://twitter.com/Avaaz This
message was sent to deepanshu961@gmail.com. To change your email address,
language, or other information, contact us here:
https://www.avaaz.org/en/contact/?footer Want to leave this list? Send a
message to unsubscribe@avaaz.org, or click here:
https://secure.avaaz.org/act/?r=unsub&bwBPElb;&v;=101971〈=en&cid;=27221&_checksum=7e7edc888b40a8170f1a373a3e194a9f5e78381bc1a1b96592d94dea044972e1
To contact Avaaz, please do not reply to this email. Instead, write to us via
the form at https://www.avaaz.org/en/contact. You can also call us at
+1-888-922-8229 (US). ' b'  |  | **My 16-year-old daughter was dragged out of
her bed in the dead of night  **and arrested. Even though  **she is just a
child, the military refused to release her. She could spend years in jail.**
I have dedicated my life to civil resistance in Palestine. That's why the
Israeli army is holding my baby -- they want to crush my spirit. All I want is
to hold my daughter again.  **With one click, please join my appeal to get her
out** **:**  
  
---  
|

![Add my name](https://avaazimages.avaaz.org/27184_ahed_3_300x150.jpg)

  
**My 16-year-old daughter was dragged out of her bed in the dead of night
**and arrested. Even though  **she is just a child, the military refused to
release her. She could spend years in jail.**  I have dedicated my life to
civil resistance in Palestine. That's why the Israeli army is holding my baby
-- they want to crush my spirit. All I want is to hold my daughter again.
**With one click, please join my appeal to get her out** **:**  
  
|  Add my name  
---  
![](https://open.avaaz.org/act/open/13814528711.gif)

Dear friends,  
  
Days ago soldiers **stormed my house in the dead of night and dragged my**
**16-year-old** **daughter to prison.** Now my little girl is in a cold cell.  
  
I have dedicated my life to civil resistance. That's why the army is holding
my baby -- they want to crush our spirit. But I have been a member of Avaaz
for eight years -- I h __ave seen the power of this community if we all stand
together against injustice.  
  
My little girl's case goes to court on 31 January \-- but Israel's military
courts convict 99% of Palestinians, even if they are kids.  **Please join my
urgent call below _with one click_  **\-- weâll deliver it directly to
global leaders:  
  
**_Help free my daughter Ahed_**  
  
**_To all world leaders:_**  
 _  
"_ _We demand the release of Ahed and all Palestinian children wrongly held in
military prisons._  
  
 _The international community must put an end to the detention and ill-
treatment of children in these prisons. Enough is enough._  
  
 _To Ahed and all the children in Israeli military_ _jails: We stand by your
side, and are holding you in our hearts. We will not give up until you are
free. You are not alone._ _"_  
  
**_Help free my daughter Ahed_**  
  
When I saw her in court she was pale and shivering, shackled and clearly in
pain. I wanted to cry but I couldnât, I have to stay strong so she stays
strong.  
  
Then the judge refused bail, and now my child could spend months or years
behind bars before even getting a fair trial. There is no reason for her to be
held like this! They took her away for slapping a heavily armed officer after
his soldiers shot her little cousin in the face, shattering his skull. But
instead of focusing on the shooting of a minor, they are focused on my girl
and are now charging her with 12 crimes.  
  
 **Over 12,000 Palestinian children have been arrested since 2000**! No matter
where you stand on this conflict,  we can all agree no child should be thrown
into a military prison without a fair trial, and subjected to abuse.  
  
I have personally reached out to diplomats. But **my voice alone is not strong
enough.** That's why I'm appealing to you to stand with me now. We know the
military judges donât want global attention on them, and Israel's
politicians don't want the issue of child prisoners to become a massive public
scandal. **Add your name -- we only have days:**  
  
**_Help free my daughter Ahed_**  
  

I have been inspired by this movement's strength and passion for freedom,
justice, and creating a better world for the next generation. That's why I am
reaching out to you -- because I know that if anyone can free my daughter and
all the children it is the Avaaz community.  
  
With hope and determination,  
  
Basem Tamimi with the Avaaz team  
  
PS -- The Avaaz team has prepared this fact sheet with more information about
Israelâs treatment of Palestinian children.  
  
 **More information:  **  
  
Palestinian teen activist could face years in prison after slapping an Israeli
soldier (ABC News)  
http://abcnews.go.com/International/palestinian-teen-activist-face-years-
prison-slapping-israeli/story?id=51913049  
  
Palestinian Ahed Tamimi arrested by Israeli forces (Al Jazeera)  
http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/12/palestinian-ahed-tamimi-arrested-
israeli-forces-171219174834758.html  
  
The Story Behind Ahed Tamimi's Slap: Her Cousin's Head Shattered by Israeli
Soldier's Bullet (Haaretz)  
https://www.haaretz.com/israel-news/.premium-behind-ahed-tamimi-s-slap-her-
cousin-s-head-shattered-by-idf-bullet-1.5729500  
  
Is This Where the Third Intifada Will Start? (New York Times)  
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/03/17/magazine/is-this-where-the-third-intifada-
will-start.html  
  
Palestinian Ahed Tamimi to remain in jail during trial (Al Jazeera)  
http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2018/01/palestinian-ahed-tamimi-remain-jail-
trial-180117132422405.html  
  
Palestine: Israeli Police Abusing Detained Children (Human Rights Watch)  
https://www.hrw.org/news/2016/04/11/palestine-israeli-police-abusing-detained-
children  
  
**  
Avaaz is a 44-million-person global campaign network** that works to ensure
that the views and values of the world's people shape global decision-making.
("Avaaz" means "voice" or "song" in many languages.) Avaaz members live in
every nation of the world; our team is spread across 18 countries on 6
continents and operates in 17 languages. Learn about some of Avaaz's biggest
campaigns here, or follow us on Facebook or Twitter.  
  
You became a member of the Avaaz movement and started receiving these emails
when you signed "Join the "World to Trump" Open Letter" on 2017-01-31 using
the email address deepanshu961@gmail.com.  
To ensure that Avaaz messages reach your inbox, please add avaaz@avaaz.org to
your address book. To change your email address, language settings, or other
personal information, contact us, or simply **go here to unsubscribe**.  
  
To contact Avaaz, please **do not reply to this email.** Instead, write to us
at https://www.avaaz.org/en/contact/?footer or call us at +1-888-922-8229
(US). ' b'Dear friends, Days ago soldiers stormed my house in the dead of
night and dragged my 16-year-old daughter to prison. Now my little girl is in
a cold cell. I have dedicated my life toÂ civil resistance. That's why the
army is holding my baby -- they want to crush our spirit. But I have been a
member of Avaaz for eight years -- I have seen the power of this community if
we all stand together against injustice. My little girl's case goes to court
onÂ 31Â JanuaryÂ --Â but Israel's military courts convict 99% of Palestinians,
even if they are kids.Â Please join my urgent call below with one clickÂ --
weâll deliver it directly to global leaders:
https://secure.avaaz.org/campaign/en/free_ahed_global_pa2/?bwBPElb&signup;=1&cl;=13814528711&v;=101971&_checksum=7e7edc888b40a8170f1a373a3e194a9f5e78381bc1a1b96592d94dea044972e1
To all world leaders: "We demand the release of Ahed and all Palestinian
children wrongly held in military prisons. The international community must
put an end to the detention and ill-treatment of children in these prisons.
Enough is enough. To Ahed and all the children in Israeli military jails: We
stand by your side, and are holding you in our hearts. We will not give up
until you are free. You are not alone."
https://secure.avaaz.org/campaign/en/free_ahed_global_pa2/?bwBPElb&signup;=1&cl;=13814528711&v;=101971&_checksum=7e7edc888b40a8170f1a373a3e194a9f5e78381bc1a1b96592d94dea044972e1
When I saw her in court she was pale and shivering, shackled and clearly in
pain. I wanted to cry but I couldnât, I have to stay strong so she stays
strong. Then the judge refused bail, and now my child could spend months or
years behind bars before even getting a fair trial. There is no reason for her
to be held like this! They took her away for slapping a heavily armed officer
after his soldiers shot her little cousin in the face, shattering his skull.
But instead of focusing on the shooting of a minor, they are focused on my
girl and are now charging her with 12 crimes. Over 12,000 Palestinian children
have been arrested since 2000! No matter where you stand on this conflict,Â we
can all agree no child should be thrown into a military prison without a fair
trial, and subjected to abuse. I have personally reached out to diplomats. But
my voice alone is not strong enough. That's why I'm appealing to you to stand
with me now. We know the military judges donât want global attention on
them, and Israel's politicians don't want the issue of child prisoners to
become a massive public scandal. Add your name -- we only have days:
https://secure.avaaz.org/campaign/en/free_ahed_global_pa2/?bwBPElb&signup;=1&cl;=13814528711&v;=101971&_checksum=7e7edc888b40a8170f1a373a3e194a9f5e78381bc1a1b96592d94dea044972e1
I have been inspired by this movement's strength and passion for freedom,
justice, and creating a better world for the next generation. That's why I am
reaching out to you -- because I know that if anyone can free my daughter and
all the children it is the Avaaz community. With hope and determination, Basem
Tamimi with the Avaaz team PS -- The Avaaz team has prepared this fact sheet
(https://avaazpress.s3.amazonaws.com/Child+Detention+Fact+Sheet.pdf) with more
information about Israelâs treatment of Palestinian children. More
information:Â Palestinian teen activist could face years in prison after
slapping an Israeli soldier (ABC News)Â
http://abcnews.go.com/International/palestinian-teen-activist-face-years-
prison-slapping-israeli/story?id=51913049 Palestinian Ahed Tamimi arrested by
Israeli forces (Al Jazeera)Â
http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/12/palestinian-ahed-tamimi-arrested-
israeli-forces-171219174834758.htmlÂ The Story Behind Ahed Tamimi's Slap: Her
Cousin's Head Shattered by Israeli Soldier's Bullet (Haaretz)
https://www.haaretz.com/israel-news/.premium-behind-ahed-tamimi-s-slap-her-
cousin-s-head-shattered-by-idf-bullet-1.5729500 Is This Where the Third
Intifada Will Start? (New York Times)Â
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/03/17/magazine/is-this-where-the-third-intifada-
will-start.html (http://www.nytimes.com/2013/03/17/magazine/is-this-where-the-
third-intifada-will-start.htmlPalestinian Ahed Tamimi to remain in jail during
trial (Al Jazeera)) Palestinian Ahed Tamimi to remain in jail during trial (Al
Jazeera) http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2018/01/palestinian-ahed-tamimi-remain-
jail-trial-180117132422405.html Palestine: Israeli Police Abusing Detained
Children (Human Rights Watch) https://www.hrw.org/news/2016/04/11/palestine-
israeli-police-abusing-detained-children Avaaz is a 44-million-person global
campaign network that works to ensure that the views and values of the world's
people shape global decision-making. ("Avaaz" means "voice" or "song" in many
languages.) Avaaz members live in every nation of the world; our team is
spread across 18 countries on 6 continents and operates in 17 languages. Learn
about some of Avaaz's biggest campaigns here:
https://www.avaaz.org/en/highlights.php/?footer or follow us on facebook here:
https://www.facebook.com/Avaaz or twitter here: https://twitter.com/Avaaz This
message was sent to deepanshu961@gmail.com. To change your email address,
language, or other information, contact us here:
https://www.avaaz.org/en/contact/?footer Want to leave this list? Send a
message to unsubscribe@avaaz.org, or click here:
https://secure.avaaz.org/act/?r=unsub&bwBPElb;&v;=101971〈=en&cid;=27221&_checksum=7e7edc888b40a8170f1a373a3e194a9f5e78381bc1a1b96592d94dea044972e1
To contact Avaaz, please do not reply to this email. Instead, write to us via
the form at https://www.avaaz.org/en/contact. You can also call us at
+1-888-922-8229 (US). ' b'  |  | **My 16-year-old daughter was dragged out of
her bed in the dead of night  **and arrested. Even though  **she is just a
child, the military refused to release her. She could spend years in jail.**
I have dedicated my life to civil resistance in Palestine. That's why the
Israeli army is holding my baby -- they want to crush my spirit. All I want is
to hold my daughter again.  **With one click, please join my appeal to get her
out** **:**  
  
---  
|

![Add my name](https://avaazimages.avaaz.org/27184_ahed_3_300x150.jpg)

  
**My 16-year-old daughter was dragged out of her bed in the dead of night
**and arrested. Even though  **she is just a child, the military refused to
release her. She could spend years in jail.**  I have dedicated my life to
civil resistance in Palestine. That's why the Israeli army is holding my baby
-- they want to crush my spirit. All I want is to hold my daughter again.
**With one click, please join my appeal to get her out** **:**  
  
|  Add my name  
---  
![](https://open.avaaz.org/act/open/13814528711.gif)

Dear friends,  
  
Days ago soldiers **stormed my house in the dead of night and dragged my**
**16-year-old** **daughter to prison.** Now my little girl is in a cold cell.  
  
I have dedicated my life to civil resistance. That's why the army is holding
my baby -- they want to crush our spirit. But I have been a member of Avaaz
for eight years -- I h __ave seen the power of this community if we all stand
together against injustice.  
  
My little girl's case goes to court on 31 January \-- but Israel's military
courts convict 99% of Palestinians, even if they are kids.  **Please join my
urgent call below _with one click_  **\-- weâll deliver it directly to
global leaders:  
  
**_Help free my daughter Ahed_**  
  
**_To all world leaders:_**  
 _  
"_ _We demand the release of Ahed and all Palestinian children wrongly held in
military prisons._  
  
 _The international community must put an end to the detention and ill-
treatment of children in these prisons. Enough is enough._  
  
 _To Ahed and all the children in Israeli military_ _jails: We stand by your
side, and are holding you in our hearts. We will not give up until you are
free. You are not alone._ _"_  
  
**_Help free my daughter Ahed_**  
  
When I saw her in court she was pale and shivering, shackled and clearly in
pain. I wanted to cry but I couldnât, I have to stay strong so she stays
strong.  
  
Then the judge refused bail, and now my child could spend months or years
behind bars before even getting a fair trial. There is no reason for her to be
held like this! They took her away for slapping a heavily armed officer after
his soldiers shot her little cousin in the face, shattering his skull. But
instead of focusing on the shooting of a minor, they are focused on my girl
and are now charging her with 12 crimes.  
  
 **Over 12,000 Palestinian children have been arrested since 2000**! No matter
where you stand on this conflict,  we can all agree no child should be thrown
into a military prison without a fair trial, and subjected to abuse.  
  
I have personally reached out to diplomats. But **my voice alone is not strong
enough.** That's why I'm appealing to you to stand with me now. We know the
military judges donât want global attention on them, and Israel's
politicians don't want the issue of child prisoners to become a massive public
scandal. **Add your name -- we only have days:**  
  
**_Help free my daughter Ahed_**  
  

I have been inspired by this movement's strength and passion for freedom,
justice, and creating a better world for the next generation. That's why I am
reaching out to you -- because I know that if anyone can free my daughter and
all the children it is the Avaaz community.  
  
With hope and determination,  
  
Basem Tamimi with the Avaaz team  
  
PS -- The Avaaz team has prepared this fact sheet with more information about
Israelâs treatment of Palestinian children.  
  
 **More information:  **  
  
Palestinian teen activist could face years in prison after slapping an Israeli
soldier (ABC News)  
http://abcnews.go.com/International/palestinian-teen-activist-face-years-
prison-slapping-israeli/story?id=51913049  
  
Palestinian Ahed Tamimi arrested by Israeli forces (Al Jazeera)  
http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/12/palestinian-ahed-tamimi-arrested-
israeli-forces-171219174834758.html  
  
The Story Behind Ahed Tamimi's Slap: Her Cousin's Head Shattered by Israeli
Soldier's Bullet (Haaretz)  
https://www.haaretz.com/israel-news/.premium-behind-ahed-tamimi-s-slap-her-
cousin-s-head-shattered-by-idf-bullet-1.5729500  
  
Is This Where the Third Intifada Will Start? (New York Times)  
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/03/17/magazine/is-this-where-the-third-intifada-
will-start.html  
  
Palestinian Ahed Tamimi to remain in jail during trial (Al Jazeera)  
http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2018/01/palestinian-ahed-tamimi-remain-jail-
trial-180117132422405.html  
  
Palestine: Israeli Police Abusing Detained Children (Human Rights Watch)  
https://www.hrw.org/news/2016/04/11/palestine-israeli-police-abusing-detained-
children  
  
**  
Avaaz is a 44-million-person global campaign network** that works to ensure
that the views and values of the world's people shape global decision-making.
("Avaaz" means "voice" or "song" in many languages.) Avaaz members live in
every nation of the world; our team is spread across 18 countries on 6
continents and operates in 17 languages. Learn about some of Avaaz's biggest
campaigns here, or follow us on Facebook or Twitter.  
  
You became a member of the Avaaz movement and started receiving these emails
when you signed "Join the "World to Trump" Open Letter" on 2017-01-31 using
the email address deepanshu961@gmail.com.  
To ensure that Avaaz messages reach your inbox, please add avaaz@avaaz.org to
your address book. To change your email address, language settings, or other
personal information, contact us, or simply **go here to unsubscribe**.  
  
To contact Avaaz, please **do not reply to this email.** Instead, write to us
at https://www.avaaz.org/en/contact/?footer or call us at +1-888-922-8229
(US). '

b'Dear friends, Days ago soldiers stormed my house in the dead of night and
dragged my 16-year-old daughter to prison. Now my little girl is in a cold
cell. I have dedicated my life toÂ civil resistance. That's why the army is
holding my baby -- they want to crush our spirit. But I have been a member of
Avaaz for eight years -- I have seen the power of this community if we all
stand together against injustice. My little girl's case goes to court onÂ 31Â
JanuaryÂ --Â but Israel's military courts convict 99% of Palestinians, even if
they are kids.Â Please join my urgent call below with one clickÂ -- weâll
deliver it directly to global leaders:
https://secure.avaaz.org/campaign/en/free_ahed_global_pa2/?bwBPElb&signup;=1&cl;=13814528711&v;=101971&_checksum=7e7edc888b40a8170f1a373a3e194a9f5e78381bc1a1b96592d94dea044972e1
To all world leaders: "We demand the release of Ahed and all Palestinian
children wrongly held in military prisons. The international community must
put an end to the detention and ill-treatment of children in these prisons.
Enough is enough. To Ahed and all the children in Israeli military jails: We
stand by your side, and are holding you in our hearts. We will not give up
until you are free. You are not alone."
https://secure.avaaz.org/campaign/en/free_ahed_global_pa2/?bwBPElb&signup;=1&cl;=13814528711&v;=101971&_checksum=7e7edc888b40a8170f1a373a3e194a9f5e78381bc1a1b96592d94dea044972e1
When I saw her in court she was pale and shivering, shackled and clearly in
pain. I wanted to cry but I couldnât, I have to stay strong so she stays
strong. Then the judge refused bail, and now my child could spend months or
years behind bars before even getting a fair trial. There is no reason for her
to be held like this! They took her away for slapping a heavily armed officer
after his soldiers shot her little cousin in the face, shattering his skull.
But instead of focusing on the shooting of a minor, they are focused on my
girl and are now charging her with 12 crimes. Over 12,000 Palestinian children
have been arrested since 2000! No matter where you stand on this conflict,Â we
can all agree no child should be thrown into a military prison without a fair
trial, and subjected to abuse. I have personally reached out to diplomats. But
my voice alone is not strong enough. That's why I'm appealing to you to stand
with me now. We know the military judges donât want global attention on
them, and Israel's politicians don't want the issue of child prisoners to
become a massive public scandal. Add your name -- we only have days:
https://secure.avaaz.org/campaign/en/free_ahed_global_pa2/?bwBPElb&signup;=1&cl;=13814528711&v;=101971&_checksum=7e7edc888b40a8170f1a373a3e194a9f5e78381bc1a1b96592d94dea044972e1
I have been inspired by this movement's strength and passion for freedom,
justice, and creating a better world for the next generation. That's why I am
reaching out to you -- because I know that if anyone can free my daughter and
all the children it is the Avaaz community. With hope and determination, Basem
Tamimi with the Avaaz team PS -- The Avaaz team has prepared this fact sheet
(https://avaazpress.s3.amazonaws.com/Child+Detention+Fact+Sheet.pdf) with more
information about Israelâs treatment of Palestinian children. More
information:Â Palestinian teen activist could face years in prison after
slapping an Israeli soldier (ABC News)Â
http://abcnews.go.com/International/palestinian-teen-activist-face-years-
prison-slapping-israeli/story?id=51913049 Palestinian Ahed Tamimi arrested by
Israeli forces (Al Jazeera)Â
http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/12/palestinian-ahed-tamimi-arrested-
israeli-forces-171219174834758.htmlÂ The Story Behind Ahed Tamimi's Slap: Her
Cousin's Head Shattered by Israeli Soldier's Bullet (Haaretz)
https://www.haaretz.com/israel-news/.premium-behind-ahed-tamimi-s-slap-her-
cousin-s-head-shattered-by-idf-bullet-1.5729500 Is This Where the Third
Intifada Will Start? (New York Times)Â
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/03/17/magazine/is-this-where-the-third-intifada-
will-start.html (http://www.nytimes.com/2013/03/17/magazine/is-this-where-the-
third-intifada-will-start.htmlPalestinian Ahed Tamimi to remain in jail during
trial (Al Jazeera)) Palestinian Ahed Tamimi to remain in jail during trial (Al
Jazeera) http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2018/01/palestinian-ahed-tamimi-remain-
jail-trial-180117132422405.html Palestine: Israeli Police Abusing Detained
Children (Human Rights Watch) https://www.hrw.org/news/2016/04/11/palestine-
israeli-police-abusing-detained-children Avaaz is a 44-million-person global
campaign network that works to ensure that the views and values of the world's
people shape global decision-making. ("Avaaz" means "voice" or "song" in many
languages.) Avaaz members live in every nation of the world; our team is
spread across 18 countries on 6 continents and operates in 17 languages. Learn
about some of Avaaz's biggest campaigns here:
https://www.avaaz.org/en/highlights.php/?footer or follow us on facebook here:
https://www.facebook.com/Avaaz or twitter here: https://twitter.com/Avaaz This
message was sent to deepanshu961@gmail.com. To change your email address,
language, or other information, contact us here:
https://www.avaaz.org/en/contact/?footer Want to leave this list? Send a
message to unsubscribe@avaaz.org, or click here:
https://secure.avaaz.org/act/?r=unsub&bwBPElb;&v;=101971〈=en&cid;=27221&_checksum=7e7edc888b40a8170f1a373a3e194a9f5e78381bc1a1b96592d94dea044972e1
To contact Avaaz, please do not reply to this email. Instead, write to us via
the form at https://www.avaaz.org/en/contact. You can also call us at
+1-888-922-8229 (US). ' b'  |  | **My 16-year-old daughter was dragged out of
her bed in the dead of night  **and arrested. Even though  **she is just a
child, the military refused to release her. She could spend years in jail.**
I have dedicated my life to civil resistance in Palestine. That's why the
Israeli army is holding my baby -- they want to crush my spirit. All I want is
to hold my daughter again.  **With one click, please join my appeal to get her
out** **:**  
  
---  
|

![Add my name](https://avaazimages.avaaz.org/27184_ahed_3_300x150.jpg)

  
**My 16-year-old daughter was dragged out of her bed in the dead of night
**and arrested. Even though  **she is just a child, the military refused to
release her. She could spend years in jail.**  I have dedicated my life to
civil resistance in Palestine. That's why the Israeli army is holding my baby
-- they want to crush my spirit. All I want is to hold my daughter again.
**With one click, please join my appeal to get her out** **:**  
  
|  Add my name  
---  
![](https://open.avaaz.org/act/open/13814528711.gif)

Dear friends,  
  
Days ago soldiers **stormed my house in the dead of night and dragged my**
**16-year-old** **daughter to prison.** Now my little girl is in a cold cell.  
  
I have dedicated my life to civil resistance. That's why the army is holding
my baby -- they want to crush our spirit. But I have been a member of Avaaz
for eight years -- I h __ave seen the power of this community if we all stand
together against injustice.  
  
My little girl's case goes to court on 31 January \-- but Israel's military
courts convict 99% of Palestinians, even if they are kids.  **Please join my
urgent call below _with one click_  **\-- weâll deliver it directly to
global leaders:  
  
**_Help free my daughter Ahed_**  
  
**_To all world leaders:_**  
 _  
"_ _We demand the release of Ahed and all Palestinian children wrongly held in
military prisons._  
  
 _The international community must put an end to the detention and ill-
treatment of children in these prisons. Enough is enough._  
  
 _To Ahed and all the children in Israeli military_ _jails: We stand by your
side, and are holding you in our hearts. We will not give up until you are
free. You are not alone._ _"_  
  
**_Help free my daughter Ahed_**  
  
When I saw her in court she was pale and shivering, shackled and clearly in
pain. I wanted to cry but I couldnât, I have to stay strong so she stays
strong.  
  
Then the judge refused bail, and now my child could spend months or years
behind bars before even getting a fair trial. There is no reason for her to be
held like this! They took her away for slapping a heavily armed officer after
his soldiers shot her little cousin in the face, shattering his skull. But
instead of focusing on the shooting of a minor, they are focused on my girl
and are now charging her with 12 crimes.  
  
 **Over 12,000 Palestinian children have been arrested since 2000**! No matter
where you stand on this conflict,  we can all agree no child should be thrown
into a military prison without a fair trial, and subjected to abuse.  
  
I have personally reached out to diplomats. But **my voice alone is not strong
enough.** That's why I'm appealing to you to stand with me now. We know the
military judges donât want global attention on them, and Israel's
politicians don't want the issue of child prisoners to become a massive public
scandal. **Add your name -- we only have days:**  
  
**_Help free my daughter Ahed_**  
  

I have been inspired by this movement's strength and passion for freedom,
justice, and creating a better world for the next generation. That's why I am
reaching out to you -- because I know that if anyone can free my daughter and
all the children it is the Avaaz community.  
  
With hope and determination,  
  
Basem Tamimi with the Avaaz team  
  
PS -- The Avaaz team has prepared this fact sheet with more information about
Israelâs treatment of Palestinian children.  
  
 **More information:  **  
  
Palestinian teen activist could face years in prison after slapping an Israeli
soldier (ABC News)  
http://abcnews.go.com/International/palestinian-teen-activist-face-years-
prison-slapping-israeli/story?id=51913049  
  
Palestinian Ahed Tamimi arrested by Israeli forces (Al Jazeera)  
http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/12/palestinian-ahed-tamimi-arrested-
israeli-forces-171219174834758.html  
  
The Story Behind Ahed Tamimi's Slap: Her Cousin's Head Shattered by Israeli
Soldier's Bullet (Haaretz)  
https://www.haaretz.com/israel-news/.premium-behind-ahed-tamimi-s-slap-her-
cousin-s-head-shattered-by-idf-bullet-1.5729500  
  
Is This Where the Third Intifada Will Start? (New York Times)  
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/03/17/magazine/is-this-where-the-third-intifada-
will-start.html  
  
Palestinian Ahed Tamimi to remain in jail during trial (Al Jazeera)  
http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2018/01/palestinian-ahed-tamimi-remain-jail-
trial-180117132422405.html  
  
Palestine: Israeli Police Abusing Detained Children (Human Rights Watch)  
https://www.hrw.org/news/2016/04/11/palestine-israeli-police-abusing-detained-
children  
  
**  
Avaaz is a 44-million-person global campaign network** that works to ensure
that the views and values of the world's people shape global decision-making.
("Avaaz" means "voice" or "song" in many languages.) Avaaz members live in
every nation of the world; our team is spread across 18 countries on 6
continents and operates in 17 languages. Learn about some of Avaaz's biggest
campaigns here, or follow us on Facebook or Twitter.  
  
You became a member of the Avaaz movement and started receiving these emails
when you signed "Join the "World to Trump" Open Letter" on 2017-01-31 using
the email address deepanshu961@gmail.com.  
To ensure that Avaaz messages reach your inbox, please add avaaz@avaaz.org to
your address book. To change your email address, language settings, or other
personal information, contact us, or simply **go here to unsubscribe**.  
  
To contact Avaaz, please **do not reply to this email.** Instead, write to us
at https://www.avaaz.org/en/contact/?footer or call us at +1-888-922-8229
(US). ' b'Dear friends, Days ago soldiers stormed my house in the dead of
night and dragged my 16-year-old daughter to prison. Now my little girl is in
a cold cell. I have dedicated my life toÂ civil resistance. That's why the
army is holding my baby -- they want to crush our spirit. But I have been a
member of Avaaz for eight years -- I have seen the power of this community if
we all stand together against injustice. My little girl's case goes to court
onÂ 31Â JanuaryÂ --Â but Israel's military courts convict 99% of Palestinians,
even if they are kids.Â Please join my urgent call below with one clickÂ --
weâll deliver it directly to global leaders:
https://secure.avaaz.org/campaign/en/free_ahed_global_pa2/?bwBPElb&signup;=1&cl;=13814528711&v;=101971&_checksum=7e7edc888b40a8170f1a373a3e194a9f5e78381bc1a1b96592d94dea044972e1
To all world leaders: "We demand the release of Ahed and all Palestinian
children wrongly held in military prisons. The international community must
put an end to the detention and ill-treatment of children in these prisons.
Enough is enough. To Ahed and all the children in Israeli military jails: We
stand by your side, and are holding you in our hearts. We will not give up
until you are free. You are not alone."
https://secure.avaaz.org/campaign/en/free_ahed_global_pa2/?bwBPElb&signup;=1&cl;=13814528711&v;=101971&_checksum=7e7edc888b40a8170f1a373a3e194a9f5e78381bc1a1b96592d94dea044972e1
When I saw her in court she was pale and shivering, shackled and clearly in
pain. I wanted to cry but I couldnât, I have to stay strong so she stays
strong. Then the judge refused bail, and now my child could spend months or
years behind bars before even getting a fair trial. There is no reason for her
to be held like this! They took her away for slapping a heavily armed officer
after his soldiers shot her little cousin in the face, shattering his skull.
But instead of focusing on the shooting of a minor, they are focused on my
girl and are now charging her with 12 crimes. Over 12,000 Palestinian children
have been arrested since 2000! No matter where you stand on this conflict,Â we
can all agree no child should be thrown into a military prison without a fair
trial, and subjected to abuse. I have personally reached out to diplomats. But
my voice alone is not strong enough. That's why I'm appealing to you to stand
with me now. We know the military judges donât want global attention on
them, and Israel's politicians don't want the issue of child prisoners to
become a massive public scandal. Add your name -- we only have days:
https://secure.avaaz.org/campaign/en/free_ahed_global_pa2/?bwBPElb&signup;=1&cl;=13814528711&v;=101971&_checksum=7e7edc888b40a8170f1a373a3e194a9f5e78381bc1a1b96592d94dea044972e1
I have been inspired by this movement's strength and passion for freedom,
justice, and creating a better world for the next generation. That's why I am
reaching out to you -- because I know that if anyone can free my daughter and
all the children it is the Avaaz community. With hope and determination, Basem
Tamimi with the Avaaz team PS -- The Avaaz team has prepared this fact sheet
(https://avaazpress.s3.amazonaws.com/Child+Detention+Fact+Sheet.pdf) with more
information about Israelâs treatment of Palestinian children. More
information:Â Palestinian teen activist could face years in prison after
slapping an Israeli soldier (ABC News)Â
http://abcnews.go.com/International/palestinian-teen-activist-face-years-
prison-slapping-israeli/story?id=51913049 Palestinian Ahed Tamimi arrested by
Israeli forces (Al Jazeera)Â
http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/12/palestinian-ahed-tamimi-arrested-
israeli-forces-171219174834758.htmlÂ The Story Behind Ahed Tamimi's Slap: Her
Cousin's Head Shattered by Israeli Soldier's Bullet (Haaretz)
https://www.haaretz.com/israel-news/.premium-behind-ahed-tamimi-s-slap-her-
cousin-s-head-shattered-by-idf-bullet-1.5729500 Is This Where the Third
Intifada Will Start? (New York Times)Â
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/03/17/magazine/is-this-where-the-third-intifada-
will-start.html (http://www.nytimes.com/2013/03/17/magazine/is-this-where-the-
third-intifada-will-start.htmlPalestinian Ahed Tamimi to remain in jail during
trial (Al Jazeera)) Palestinian Ahed Tamimi to remain in jail during trial (Al
Jazeera) http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2018/01/palestinian-ahed-tamimi-remain-
jail-trial-180117132422405.html Palestine: Israeli Police Abusing Detained
Children (Human Rights Watch) https://www.hrw.org/news/2016/04/11/palestine-
israeli-police-abusing-detained-children Avaaz is a 44-million-person global
campaign network that works to ensure that the views and values of the world's
people shape global decision-making. ("Avaaz" means "voice" or "song" in many
languages.) Avaaz members live in every nation of the world; our team is
spread across 18 countries on 6 continents and operates in 17 languages. Learn
about some of Avaaz's biggest campaigns here:
https://www.avaaz.org/en/highlights.php/?footer or follow us on facebook here:
https://www.facebook.com/Avaaz or twitter here: https://twitter.com/Avaaz This
message was sent to deepanshu961@gmail.com. To change your email address,
language, or other information, contact us here:
https://www.avaaz.org/en/contact/?footer Want to leave this list? Send a
message to unsubscribe@avaaz.org, or click here:
https://secure.avaaz.org/act/?r=unsub&bwBPElb;&v;=101971〈=en&cid;=27221&_checksum=7e7edc888b40a8170f1a373a3e194a9f5e78381bc1a1b96592d94dea044972e1
To contact Avaaz, please do not reply to this email. Instead, write to us via
the form at https://www.avaaz.org/en/contact. You can also call us at
+1-888-922-8229 (US). ' b'  |  | **My 16-year-old daughter was dragged out of
her bed in the dead of night  **and arrested. Even though  **she is just a
child, the military refused to release her. She could spend years in jail.**
I have dedicated my life to civil resistance in Palestine. That's why the
Israeli army is holding my baby -- they want to crush my spirit. All I want is
to hold my daughter again.  **With one click, please join my appeal to get her
out** **:**  
  
---  
|

![Add my name](https://avaazimages.avaaz.org/27184_ahed_3_300x150.jpg)

  
**My 16-year-old daughter was dragged out of her bed in the dead of night
**and arrested. Even though  **she is just a child, the military refused to
release her. She could spend years in jail.**  I have dedicated my life to
civil resistance in Palestine. That's why the Israeli army is holding my baby
-- they want to crush my spirit. All I want is to hold my daughter again.
**With one click, please join my appeal to get her out** **:**  
  
|  Add my name  
---  
![](https://open.avaaz.org/act/open/13814528711.gif)

Dear friends,  
  
Days ago soldiers **stormed my house in the dead of night and dragged my**
**16-year-old** **daughter to prison.** Now my little girl is in a cold cell.  
  
I have dedicated my life to civil resistance. That's why the army is holding
my baby -- they want to crush our spirit. But I have been a member of Avaaz
for eight years -- I h __ave seen the power of this community if we all stand
together against injustice.  
  
My little girl's case goes to court on 31 January \-- but Israel's military
courts convict 99% of Palestinians, even if they are kids.  **Please join my
urgent call below _with one click_  **\-- weâll deliver it directly to
global leaders:  
  
**_Help free my daughter Ahed_**  
  
**_To all world leaders:_**  
 _  
"_ _We demand the release of Ahed and all Palestinian children wrongly held in
military prisons._  
  
 _The international community must put an end to the detention and ill-
treatment of children in these prisons. Enough is enough._  
  
 _To Ahed and all the children in Israeli military_ _jails: We stand by your
side, and are holding you in our hearts. We will not give up until you are
free. You are not alone._ _"_  
  
**_Help free my daughter Ahed_**  
  
When I saw her in court she was pale and shivering, shackled and clearly in
pain. I wanted to cry but I couldnât, I have to stay strong so she stays
strong.  
  
Then the judge refused bail, and now my child could spend months or years
behind bars before even getting a fair trial. There is no reason for her to be
held like this! They took her away for slapping a heavily armed officer after
his soldiers shot her little cousin in the face, shattering his skull. But
instead of focusing on the shooting of a minor, they are focused on my girl
and are now charging her with 12 crimes.  
  
 **Over 12,000 Palestinian children have been arrested since 2000**! No matter
where you stand on this conflict,  we can all agree no child should be thrown
into a military prison without a fair trial, and subjected to abuse.  
  
I have personally reached out to diplomats. But **my voice alone is not strong
enough.** That's why I'm appealing to you to stand with me now. We know the
military judges donât want global attention on them, and Israel's
politicians don't want the issue of child prisoners to become a massive public
scandal. **Add your name -- we only have days:**  
  
**_Help free my daughter Ahed_**  
  

I have been inspired by this movement's strength and passion for freedom,
justice, and creating a better world for the next generation. That's why I am
reaching out to you -- because I know that if anyone can free my daughter and
all the children it is the Avaaz community.  
  
With hope and determination,  
  
Basem Tamimi with the Avaaz team  
  
PS -- The Avaaz team has prepared this fact sheet with more information about
Israelâs treatment of Palestinian children.  
  
 **More information:  **  
  
Palestinian teen activist could face years in prison after slapping an Israeli
soldier (ABC News)  
http://abcnews.go.com/International/palestinian-teen-activist-face-years-
prison-slapping-israeli/story?id=51913049  
  
Palestinian Ahed Tamimi arrested by Israeli forces (Al Jazeera)  
http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/12/palestinian-ahed-tamimi-arrested-
israeli-forces-171219174834758.html  
  
The Story Behind Ahed Tamimi's Slap: Her Cousin's Head Shattered by Israeli
Soldier's Bullet (Haaretz)  
https://www.haaretz.com/israel-news/.premium-behind-ahed-tamimi-s-slap-her-
cousin-s-head-shattered-by-idf-bullet-1.5729500  
  
Is This Where the Third Intifada Will Start? (New York Times)  
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/03/17/magazine/is-this-where-the-third-intifada-
will-start.html  
  
Palestinian Ahed Tamimi to remain in jail during trial (Al Jazeera)  
http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2018/01/palestinian-ahed-tamimi-remain-jail-
trial-180117132422405.html  
  
Palestine: Israeli Police Abusing Detained Children (Human Rights Watch)  
https://www.hrw.org/news/2016/04/11/palestine-israeli-police-abusing-detained-
children  
  
**  
Avaaz is a 44-million-person global campaign network** that works to ensure
that the views and values of the world's people shape global decision-making.
("Avaaz" means "voice" or "song" in many languages.) Avaaz members live in
every nation of the world; our team is spread across 18 countries on 6
continents and operates in 17 languages. Learn about some of Avaaz's biggest
campaigns here, or follow us on Facebook or Twitter.  
  
You became a member of the Avaaz movement and started receiving these emails
when you signed "Join the "World to Trump" Open Letter" on 2017-01-31 using
the email address deepanshu961@gmail.com.  
To ensure that Avaaz messages reach your inbox, please add avaaz@avaaz.org to
your address book. To change your email address, language settings, or other
personal information, contact us, or simply **go here to unsubscribe**.  
  
To contact Avaaz, please **do not reply to this email.** Instead, write to us
at https://www.avaaz.org/en/contact/?footer or call us at +1-888-922-8229
(US). '

b'Dear friends, Days ago soldiers stormed my house in the dead of night and
dragged my 16-year-old daughter to prison. Now my little girl is in a cold
cell. I have dedicated my life toÂ civil resistance. That's why the army is
holding my baby -- they want to crush our spirit. But I have been a member of
Avaaz for eight years -- I have seen the power of this community if we all
stand together against injustice. My little girl's case goes to court onÂ 31Â
JanuaryÂ --Â but Israel's military courts convict 99% of Palestinians, even if
they are kids.Â Please join my urgent call below with one clickÂ -- weâll
deliver it directly to global leaders:
https://secure.avaaz.org/campaign/en/free_ahed_global_pa2/?bwBPElb&signup;=1&cl;=13814528711&v;=101971&_checksum=7e7edc888b40a8170f1a373a3e194a9f5e78381bc1a1b96592d94dea044972e1
To all world leaders: "We demand the release of Ahed and all Palestinian
children wrongly held in military prisons. The international community must
put an end to the detention and ill-treatment of children in these prisons.
Enough is enough. To Ahed and all the children in Israeli military jails: We
stand by your side, and are holding you in our hearts. We will not give up
until you are free. You are not alone."
https://secure.avaaz.org/campaign/en/free_ahed_global_pa2/?bwBPElb&signup;=1&cl;=13814528711&v;=101971&_checksum=7e7edc888b40a8170f1a373a3e194a9f5e78381bc1a1b96592d94dea044972e1
When I saw her in court she was pale and shivering, shackled and clearly in
pain. I wanted to cry but I couldnât, I have to stay strong so she stays
strong. Then the judge refused bail, and now my child could spend months or
years behind bars before even getting a fair trial. There is no reason for her
to be held like this! They took her away for slapping a heavily armed officer
after his soldiers shot her little cousin in the face, shattering his skull.
But instead of focusing on the shooting of a minor, they are focused on my
girl and are now charging her with 12 crimes. Over 12,000 Palestinian children
have been arrested since 2000! No matter where you stand on this conflict,Â we
can all agree no child should be thrown into a military prison without a fair
trial, and subjected to abuse. I have personally reached out to diplomats. But
my voice alone is not strong enough. That's why I'm appealing to you to stand
with me now. We know the military judges donât want global attention on
them, and Israel's politicians don't want the issue of child prisoners to
become a massive public scandal. Add your name -- we only have days:
https://secure.avaaz.org/campaign/en/free_ahed_global_pa2/?bwBPElb&signup;=1&cl;=13814528711&v;=101971&_checksum=7e7edc888b40a8170f1a373a3e194a9f5e78381bc1a1b96592d94dea044972e1
I have been inspired by this movement's strength and passion for freedom,
justice, and creating a better world for the next generation. That's why I am
reaching out to you -- because I know that if anyone can free my daughter and
all the children it is the Avaaz community. With hope and determination, Basem
Tamimi with the Avaaz team PS -- The Avaaz team has prepared this fact sheet
(https://avaazpress.s3.amazonaws.com/Child+Detention+Fact+Sheet.pdf) with more
information about Israelâs treatment of Palestinian children. More
information:Â Palestinian teen activist could face years in prison after
slapping an Israeli soldier (ABC News)Â
http://abcnews.go.com/International/palestinian-teen-activist-face-years-
prison-slapping-israeli/story?id=51913049 Palestinian Ahed Tamimi arrested by
Israeli forces (Al Jazeera)Â
http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/12/palestinian-ahed-tamimi-arrested-
israeli-forces-171219174834758.htmlÂ The Story Behind Ahed Tamimi's Slap: Her
Cousin's Head Shattered by Israeli Soldier's Bullet (Haaretz)
https://www.haaretz.com/israel-news/.premium-behind-ahed-tamimi-s-slap-her-
cousin-s-head-shattered-by-idf-bullet-1.5729500 Is This Where the Third
Intifada Will Start? (New York Times)Â
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/03/17/magazine/is-this-where-the-third-intifada-
will-start.html (http://www.nytimes.com/2013/03/17/magazine/is-this-where-the-
third-intifada-will-start.htmlPalestinian Ahed Tamimi to remain in jail during
trial (Al Jazeera)) Palestinian Ahed Tamimi to remain in jail during trial (Al
Jazeera) http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2018/01/palestinian-ahed-tamimi-remain-
jail-trial-180117132422405.html Palestine: Israeli Police Abusing Detained
Children (Human Rights Watch) https://www.hrw.org/news/2016/04/11/palestine-
israeli-police-abusing-detained-children Avaaz is a 44-million-person global
campaign network that works to ensure that the views and values of the world's
people shape global decision-making. ("Avaaz" means "voice" or "song" in many
languages.) Avaaz members live in every nation of the world; our team is
spread across 18 countries on 6 continents and operates in 17 languages. Learn
about some of Avaaz's biggest campaigns here:
https://www.avaaz.org/en/highlights.php/?footer or follow us on facebook here:
https://www.facebook.com/Avaaz or twitter here: https://twitter.com/Avaaz This
message was sent to deepanshu961@gmail.com. To change your email address,
language, or other information, contact us here:
https://www.avaaz.org/en/contact/?footer Want to leave this list? Send a
message to unsubscribe@avaaz.org, or click here:
https://secure.avaaz.org/act/?r=unsub&bwBPElb;&v;=101971〈=en&cid;=27221&_checksum=7e7edc888b40a8170f1a373a3e194a9f5e78381bc1a1b96592d94dea044972e1
To contact Avaaz, please do not reply to this email. Instead, write to us via
the form at https://www.avaaz.org/en/contact. You can also call us at
+1-888-922-8229 (US). ' b'  |  | **My 16-year-old daughter was dragged out of
her bed in the dead of night  **and arrested. Even though  **she is just a
child, the military refused to release her. She could spend years in jail.**
I have dedicated my life to civil resistance in Palestine. That's why the
Israeli army is holding my baby -- they want to crush my spirit. All I want is
to hold my daughter again.  **With one click, please join my appeal to get her
out** **:**  
  
---  
|

![Add my name](https://avaazimages.avaaz.org/27184_ahed_3_300x150.jpg)

  
**My 16-year-old daughter was dragged out of her bed in the dead of night
**and arrested. Even though  **she is just a child, the military refused to
release her. She could spend years in jail.**  I have dedicated my life to
civil resistance in Palestine. That's why the Israeli army is holding my baby
-- they want to crush my spirit. All I want is to hold my daughter again.
**With one click, please join my appeal to get her out** **:**  
  
|  Add my name  
---  
![](https://open.avaaz.org/act/open/13814528711.gif)

Dear friends,  
  
Days ago soldiers **stormed my house in the dead of night and dragged my**
**16-year-old** **daughter to prison.** Now my little girl is in a cold cell.  
  
I have dedicated my life to civil resistance. That's why the army is holding
my baby -- they want to crush our spirit. But I have been a member of Avaaz
for eight years -- I h __ave seen the power of this community if we all stand
together against injustice.  
  
My little girl's case goes to court on 31 January \-- but Israel's military
courts convict 99% of Palestinians, even if they are kids.  **Please join my
urgent call below _with one click_  **\-- weâll deliver it directly to
global leaders:  
  
**_Help free my daughter Ahed_**  
  
**_To all world leaders:_**  
 _  
"_ _We demand the release of Ahed and all Palestinian children wrongly held in
military prisons._  
  
 _The international community must put an end to the detention and ill-
treatment of children in these prisons. Enough is enough._  
  
 _To Ahed and all the children in Israeli military_ _jails: We stand by your
side, and are holding you in our hearts. We will not give up until you are
free. You are not alone._ _"_  
  
**_Help free my daughter Ahed_**  
  
When I saw her in court she was pale and shivering, shackled and clearly in
pain. I wanted to cry but I couldnât, I have to stay strong so she stays
strong.  
  
Then the judge refused bail, and now my child could spend months or years
behind bars before even getting a fair trial. There is no reason for her to be
held like this! They took her away for slapping a heavily armed officer after
his soldiers shot her little cousin in the face, shattering his skull. But
instead of focusing on the shooting of a minor, they are focused on my girl
and are now charging her with 12 crimes.  
  
 **Over 12,000 Palestinian children have been arrested since 2000**! No matter
where you stand on this conflict,  we can all agree no child should be thrown
into a military prison without a fair trial, and subjected to abuse.  
  
I have personally reached out to diplomats. But **my voice alone is not strong
enough.** That's why I'm appealing to you to stand with me now. We know the
military judges donât want global attention on them, and Israel's
politicians don't want the issue of child prisoners to become a massive public
scandal. **Add your name -- we only have days:**  
  
**_Help free my daughter Ahed_**  
  

I have been inspired by this movement's strength and passion for freedom,
justice, and creating a better world for the next generation. That's why I am
reaching out to you -- because I know that if anyone can free my daughter and
all the children it is the Avaaz community.  
  
With hope and determination,  
  
Basem Tamimi with the Avaaz team  
  
PS -- The Avaaz team has prepared this fact sheet with more information about
Israelâs treatment of Palestinian children.  
  
 **More information:  **  
  
Palestinian teen activist could face years in prison after slapping an Israeli
soldier (ABC News)  
http://abcnews.go.com/International/palestinian-teen-activist-face-years-
prison-slapping-israeli/story?id=51913049  
  
Palestinian Ahed Tamimi arrested by Israeli forces (Al Jazeera)  
http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/12/palestinian-ahed-tamimi-arrested-
israeli-forces-171219174834758.html  
  
The Story Behind Ahed Tamimi's Slap: Her Cousin's Head Shattered by Israeli
Soldier's Bullet (Haaretz)  
https://www.haaretz.com/israel-news/.premium-behind-ahed-tamimi-s-slap-her-
cousin-s-head-shattered-by-idf-bullet-1.5729500  
  
Is This Where the Third Intifada Will Start? (New York Times)  
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/03/17/magazine/is-this-where-the-third-intifada-
will-start.html  
  
Palestinian Ahed Tamimi to remain in jail during trial (Al Jazeera)  
http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2018/01/palestinian-ahed-tamimi-remain-jail-
trial-180117132422405.html  
  
Palestine: Israeli Police Abusing Detained Children (Human Rights Watch)  
https://www.hrw.org/news/2016/04/11/palestine-israeli-police-abusing-detained-
children  
  
**  
Avaaz is a 44-million-person global campaign network** that works to ensure
that the views and values of the world's people shape global decision-making.
("Avaaz" means "voice" or "song" in many languages.) Avaaz members live in
every nation of the world; our team is spread across 18 countries on 6
continents and operates in 17 languages. Learn about some of Avaaz's biggest
campaigns here, or follow us on Facebook or Twitter.  
  
You became a member of the Avaaz movement and started receiving these emails
when you signed "Join the "World to Trump" Open Letter" on 2017-01-31 using
the email address deepanshu961@gmail.com.  
To ensure that Avaaz messages reach your inbox, please add avaaz@avaaz.org to
your address book. To change your email address, language settings, or other
personal information, contact us, or simply **go here to unsubscribe**.  
  
To contact Avaaz, please **do not reply to this email.** Instead, write to us
at https://www.avaaz.org/en/contact/?footer or call us at +1-888-922-8229
(US). ' b'Dear friends, Days ago soldiers stormed my house in the dead of
night and dragged my 16-year-old daughter to prison. Now my little girl is in
a cold cell. I have dedicated my life toÂ civil resistance. That's why the
army is holding my baby -- they want to crush our spirit. But I have been a
member of Avaaz for eight years -- I have seen the power of this community if
we all stand together against injustice. My little girl's case goes to court
onÂ 31Â JanuaryÂ --Â but Israel's military courts convict 99% of Palestinians,
even if they are kids.Â Please join my urgent call below with one clickÂ --
weâll deliver it directly to global leaders:
https://secure.avaaz.org/campaign/en/free_ahed_global_pa2/?bwBPElb&signup;=1&cl;=13814528711&v;=101971&_checksum=7e7edc888b40a8170f1a373a3e194a9f5e78381bc1a1b96592d94dea044972e1
To all world leaders: "We demand the release of Ahed and all Palestinian
children wrongly held in military prisons. The international community must
put an end to the detention and ill-treatment of children in these prisons.
Enough is enough. To Ahed and all the children in Israeli military jails: We
stand by your side, and are holding you in our hearts. We will not give up
until you are free. You are not alone."
https://secure.avaaz.org/campaign/en/free_ahed_global_pa2/?bwBPElb&signup;=1&cl;=13814528711&v;=101971&_checksum=7e7edc888b40a8170f1a373a3e194a9f5e78381bc1a1b96592d94dea044972e1
When I saw her in court she was pale and shivering, shackled and clearly in
pain. I wanted to cry but I couldnât, I have to stay strong so she stays
strong. Then the judge refused bail, and now my child could spend months or
years behind bars before even getting a fair trial. There is no reason for her
to be held like this! They took her away for slapping a heavily armed officer
after his soldiers shot her little cousin in the face, shattering his skull.
But instead of focusing on the shooting of a minor, they are focused on my
girl and are now charging her with 12 crimes. Over 12,000 Palestinian children
have been arrested since 2000! No matter where you stand on this conflict,Â we
can all agree no child should be thrown into a military prison without a fair
trial, and subjected to abuse. I have personally reached out to diplomats. But
my voice alone is not strong enough. That's why I'm appealing to you to stand
with me now. We know the military judges donât want global attention on
them, and Israel's politicians don't want the issue of child prisoners to
become a massive public scandal. Add your name -- we only have days:
https://secure.avaaz.org/campaign/en/free_ahed_global_pa2/?bwBPElb&signup;=1&cl;=13814528711&v;=101971&_checksum=7e7edc888b40a8170f1a373a3e194a9f5e78381bc1a1b96592d94dea044972e1
I have been inspired by this movement's strength and passion for freedom,
justice, and creating a better world for the next generation. That's why I am
reaching out to you -- because I know that if anyone can free my daughter and
all the children it is the Avaaz community. With hope and determination, Basem
Tamimi with the Avaaz team PS -- The Avaaz team has prepared this fact sheet
(https://avaazpress.s3.amazonaws.com/Child+Detention+Fact+Sheet.pdf) with more
information about Israelâs treatment of Palestinian children. More
information:Â Palestinian teen activist could face years in prison after
slapping an Israeli soldier (ABC News)Â
http://abcnews.go.com/International/palestinian-teen-activist-face-years-
prison-slapping-israeli/story?id=51913049 Palestinian Ahed Tamimi arrested by
Israeli forces (Al Jazeera)Â
http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/12/palestinian-ahed-tamimi-arrested-
israeli-forces-171219174834758.htmlÂ The Story Behind Ahed Tamimi's Slap: Her
Cousin's Head Shattered by Israeli Soldier's Bullet (Haaretz)
https://www.haaretz.com/israel-news/.premium-behind-ahed-tamimi-s-slap-her-
cousin-s-head-shattered-by-idf-bullet-1.5729500 Is This Where the Third
Intifada Will Start? (New York Times)Â
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/03/17/magazine/is-this-where-the-third-intifada-
will-start.html (http://www.nytimes.com/2013/03/17/magazine/is-this-where-the-
third-intifada-will-start.htmlPalestinian Ahed Tamimi to remain in jail during
trial (Al Jazeera)) Palestinian Ahed Tamimi to remain in jail during trial (Al
Jazeera) http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2018/01/palestinian-ahed-tamimi-remain-
jail-trial-180117132422405.html Palestine: Israeli Police Abusing Detained
Children (Human Rights Watch) https://www.hrw.org/news/2016/04/11/palestine-
israeli-police-abusing-detained-children Avaaz is a 44-million-person global
campaign network that works to ensure that the views and values of the world's
people shape global decision-making. ("Avaaz" means "voice" or "song" in many
languages.) Avaaz members live in every nation of the world; our team is
spread across 18 countries on 6 continents and operates in 17 languages. Learn
about some of Avaaz's biggest campaigns here:
https://www.avaaz.org/en/highlights.php/?footer or follow us on facebook here:
https://www.facebook.com/Avaaz or twitter here: https://twitter.com/Avaaz This
message was sent to deepanshu961@gmail.com. To change your email address,
language, or other information, contact us here:
https://www.avaaz.org/en/contact/?footer Want to leave this list? Send a
message to unsubscribe@avaaz.org, or click here:
https://secure.avaaz.org/act/?r=unsub&bwBPElb;&v;=101971〈=en&cid;=27221&_checksum=7e7edc888b40a8170f1a373a3e194a9f5e78381bc1a1b96592d94dea044972e1
To contact Avaaz, please do not reply to this email. Instead, write to us via
the form at https://www.avaaz.org/en/contact. You can also call us at
+1-888-922-8229 (US). ' b'  |  | **My 16-year-old daughter was dragged out of
her bed in the dead of night  **and arrested. Even though  **she is just a
child, the military refused to release her. She could spend years in jail.**
I have dedicated my life to civil resistance in Palestine. That's why the
Israeli army is holding my baby -- they want to crush my spirit. All I want is
to hold my daughter again.  **With one click, please join my appeal to get her
out** **:**  
  
---  
|

![Add my name](https://avaazimages.avaaz.org/27184_ahed_3_300x150.jpg)

  
**My 16-year-old daughter was dragged out of her bed in the dead of night
**and arrested. Even though  **she is just a child, the military refused to
release her. She could spend years in jail.**  I have dedicated my life to
civil resistance in Palestine. That's why the Israeli army is holding my baby
-- they want to crush my spirit. All I want is to hold my daughter again.
**With one click, please join my appeal to get her out** **:**  
  
|  Add my name  
---  
![](https://open.avaaz.org/act/open/13814528711.gif)

Dear friends,  
  
Days ago soldiers **stormed my house in the dead of night and dragged my**
**16-year-old** **daughter to prison.** Now my little girl is in a cold cell.  
  
I have dedicated my life to civil resistance. That's why the army is holding
my baby -- they want to crush our spirit. But I have been a member of Avaaz
for eight years -- I h __ave seen the power of this community if we all stand
together against injustice.  
  
My little girl's case goes to court on 31 January \-- but Israel's military
courts convict 99% of Palestinians, even if they are kids.  **Please join my
urgent call below _with one click_  **\-- weâll deliver it directly to
global leaders:  
  
**_Help free my daughter Ahed_**  
  
**_To all world leaders:_**  
 _  
"_ _We demand the release of Ahed and all Palestinian children wrongly held in
military prisons._  
  
 _The international community must put an end to the detention and ill-
treatment of children in these prisons. Enough is enough._  
  
 _To Ahed and all the children in Israeli military_ _jails: We stand by your
side, and are holding you in our hearts. We will not give up until you are
free. You are not alone._ _"_  
  
**_Help free my daughter Ahed_**  
  
When I saw her in court she was pale and shivering, shackled and clearly in
pain. I wanted to cry but I couldnât, I have to stay strong so she stays
strong.  
  
Then the judge refused bail, and now my child could spend months or years
behind bars before even getting a fair trial. There is no reason for her to be
held like this! They took her away for slapping a heavily armed officer after
his soldiers shot her little cousin in the face, shattering his skull. But
instead of focusing on the shooting of a minor, they are focused on my girl
and are now charging her with 12 crimes.  
  
 **Over 12,000 Palestinian children have been arrested since 2000**! No matter
where you stand on this conflict,  we can all agree no child should be thrown
into a military prison without a fair trial, and subjected to abuse.  
  
I have personally reached out to diplomats. But **my voice alone is not strong
enough.** That's why I'm appealing to you to stand with me now. We know the
military judges donât want global attention on them, and Israel's
politicians don't want the issue of child prisoners to become a massive public
scandal. **Add your name -- we only have days:**  
  
**_Help free my daughter Ahed_**  
  

I have been inspired by this movement's strength and passion for freedom,
justice, and creating a better world for the next generation. That's why I am
reaching out to you -- because I know that if anyone can free my daughter and
all the children it is the Avaaz community.  
  
With hope and determination,  
  
Basem Tamimi with the Avaaz team  
  
PS -- The Avaaz team has prepared this fact sheet with more information about
Israelâs treatment of Palestinian children.  
  
 **More information:  **  
  
Palestinian teen activist could face years in prison after slapping an Israeli
soldier (ABC News)  
http://abcnews.go.com/International/palestinian-teen-activist-face-years-
prison-slapping-israeli/story?id=51913049  
  
Palestinian Ahed Tamimi arrested by Israeli forces (Al Jazeera)  
http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/12/palestinian-ahed-tamimi-arrested-
israeli-forces-171219174834758.html  
  
The Story Behind Ahed Tamimi's Slap: Her Cousin's Head Shattered by Israeli
Soldier's Bullet (Haaretz)  
https://www.haaretz.com/israel-news/.premium-behind-ahed-tamimi-s-slap-her-
cousin-s-head-shattered-by-idf-bullet-1.5729500  
  
Is This Where the Third Intifada Will Start? (New York Times)  
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/03/17/magazine/is-this-where-the-third-intifada-
will-start.html  
  
Palestinian Ahed Tamimi to remain in jail during trial (Al Jazeera)  
http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2018/01/palestinian-ahed-tamimi-remain-jail-
trial-180117132422405.html  
  
Palestine: Israeli Police Abusing Detained Children (Human Rights Watch)  
https://www.hrw.org/news/2016/04/11/palestine-israeli-police-abusing-detained-
children  
  
**  
Avaaz is a 44-million-person global campaign network** that works to ensure
that the views and values of the world's people shape global decision-making.
("Avaaz" means "voice" or "song" in many languages.) Avaaz members live in
every nation of the world; our team is spread across 18 countries on 6
continents and operates in 17 languages. Learn about some of Avaaz's biggest
campaigns here, or follow us on Facebook or Twitter.  
  
You became a member of the Avaaz movement and started receiving these emails
when you signed "Join the "World to Trump" Open Letter" on 2017-01-31 using
the email address deepanshu961@gmail.com.  
To ensure that Avaaz messages reach your inbox, please add avaaz@avaaz.org to
your address book. To change your email address, language settings, or other
personal information, contact us, or simply **go here to unsubscribe**.  
  
To contact Avaaz, please **do not reply to this email.** Instead, write to us
at https://www.avaaz.org/en/contact/?footer or call us at +1-888-922-8229
(US). '

b'Dear friends, Days ago soldiers stormed my house in the dead of night and
dragged my 16-year-old daughter to prison. Now my little girl is in a cold
cell. I have dedicated my life toÂ civil resistance. That's why the army is
holding my baby -- they want to crush our spirit. But I have been a member of
Avaaz for eight years -- I have seen the power of this community if we all
stand together against injustice. My little girl's case goes to court onÂ 31Â
JanuaryÂ --Â but Israel's military courts convict 99% of Palestinians, even if
they are kids.Â Please join my urgent call below with one clickÂ -- weâll
deliver it directly to global leaders:
https://secure.avaaz.org/campaign/en/free_ahed_global_pa2/?bwBPElb&signup;=1&cl;=13814528711&v;=101971&_checksum=7e7edc888b40a8170f1a373a3e194a9f5e78381bc1a1b96592d94dea044972e1
To all world leaders: "We demand the release of Ahed and all Palestinian
children wrongly held in military prisons. The international community must
put an end to the detention and ill-treatment of children in these prisons.
Enough is enough. To Ahed and all the children in Israeli military jails: We
stand by your side, and are holding you in our hearts. We will not give up
until you are free. You are not alone."
https://secure.avaaz.org/campaign/en/free_ahed_global_pa2/?bwBPElb&signup;=1&cl;=13814528711&v;=101971&_checksum=7e7edc888b40a8170f1a373a3e194a9f5e78381bc1a1b96592d94dea044972e1
When I saw her in court she was pale and shivering, shackled and clearly in
pain. I wanted to cry but I couldnât, I have to stay strong so she stays
strong. Then the judge refused bail, and now my child could spend months or
years behind bars before even getting a fair trial. There is no reason for her
to be held like this! They took her away for slapping a heavily armed officer
after his soldiers shot her little cousin in the face, shattering his skull.
But instead of focusing on the shooting of a minor, they are focused on my
girl and are now charging her with 12 crimes. Over 12,000 Palestinian children
have been arrested since 2000! No matter where you stand on this conflict,Â we
can all agree no child should be thrown into a military prison without a fair
trial, and subjected to abuse. I have personally reached out to diplomats. But
my voice alone is not strong enough. That's why I'm appealing to you to stand
with me now. We know the military judges donât want global attention on
them, and Israel's politicians don't want the issue of child prisoners to
become a massive public scandal. Add your name -- we only have days:
https://secure.avaaz.org/campaign/en/free_ahed_global_pa2/?bwBPElb&signup;=1&cl;=13814528711&v;=101971&_checksum=7e7edc888b40a8170f1a373a3e194a9f5e78381bc1a1b96592d94dea044972e1
I have been inspired by this movement's strength and passion for freedom,
justice, and creating a better world for the next generation. That's why I am
reaching out to you -- because I know that if anyone can free my daughter and
all the children it is the Avaaz community. With hope and determination, Basem
Tamimi with the Avaaz team PS -- The Avaaz team has prepared this fact sheet
(https://avaazpress.s3.amazonaws.com/Child+Detention+Fact+Sheet.pdf) with more
information about Israelâs treatment of Palestinian children. More
information:Â Palestinian teen activist could face years in prison after
slapping an Israeli soldier (ABC News)Â
http://abcnews.go.com/International/palestinian-teen-activist-face-years-
prison-slapping-israeli/story?id=51913049 Palestinian Ahed Tamimi arrested by
Israeli forces (Al Jazeera)Â
http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/12/palestinian-ahed-tamimi-arrested-
israeli-forces-171219174834758.htmlÂ The Story Behind Ahed Tamimi's Slap: Her
Cousin's Head Shattered by Israeli Soldier's Bullet (Haaretz)
https://www.haaretz.com/israel-news/.premium-behind-ahed-tamimi-s-slap-her-
cousin-s-head-shattered-by-idf-bullet-1.5729500 Is This Where the Third
Intifada Will Start? (New York Times)Â
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/03/17/magazine/is-this-where-the-third-intifada-
will-start.html (http://www.nytimes.com/2013/03/17/magazine/is-this-where-the-
third-intifada-will-start.htmlPalestinian Ahed Tamimi to remain in jail during
trial (Al Jazeera)) Palestinian Ahed Tamimi to remain in jail during trial (Al
Jazeera) http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2018/01/palestinian-ahed-tamimi-remain-
jail-trial-180117132422405.html Palestine: Israeli Police Abusing Detained
Children (Human Rights Watch) https://www.hrw.org/news/2016/04/11/palestine-
israeli-police-abusing-detained-children Avaaz is a 44-million-person global
campaign network that works to ensure that the views and values of the world's
people shape global decision-making. ("Avaaz" means "voice" or "song" in many
languages.) Avaaz members live in every nation of the world; our team is
spread across 18 countries on 6 continents and operates in 17 languages. Learn
about some of Avaaz's biggest campaigns here:
https://www.avaaz.org/en/highlights.php/?footer or follow us on facebook here:
https://www.facebook.com/Avaaz or twitter here: https://twitter.com/Avaaz This
message was sent to deepanshu961@gmail.com. To change your email address,
language, or other information, contact us here:
https://www.avaaz.org/en/contact/?footer Want to leave this list? Send a
message to unsubscribe@avaaz.org, or click here:
https://secure.avaaz.org/act/?r=unsub&bwBPElb;&v;=101971〈=en&cid;=27221&_checksum=7e7edc888b40a8170f1a373a3e194a9f5e78381bc1a1b96592d94dea044972e1
To contact Avaaz, please do not reply to this email. Instead, write to us via
the form at https://www.avaaz.org/en/contact. You can also call us at
+1-888-922-8229 (US). ' b'  |  | **My 16-year-old daughter was dragged out of
her bed in the dead of night  **and arrested. Even though  **she is just a
child, the military refused to release her. She could spend years in jail.**
I have dedicated my life to civil resistance in Palestine. That's why the
Israeli army is holding my baby -- they want to crush my spirit. All I want is
to hold my daughter again.  **With one click, please join my appeal to get her
out** **:**  
  
---  
|

![Add my name](https://avaazimages.avaaz.org/27184_ahed_3_300x150.jpg)

  
**My 16-year-old daughter was dragged out of her bed in the dead of night
**and arrested. Even though  **she is just a child, the military refused to
release her. She could spend years in jail.**  I have dedicated my life to
civil resistance in Palestine. That's why the Israeli army is holding my baby
-- they want to crush my spirit. All I want is to hold my daughter again.
**With one click, please join my appeal to get her out** **:**  
  
|  Add my name  
---  
![](https://open.avaaz.org/act/open/13814528711.gif)

Dear friends,  
  
Days ago soldiers **stormed my house in the dead of night and dragged my**
**16-year-old** **daughter to prison.** Now my little girl is in a cold cell.  
  
I have dedicated my life to civil resistance. That's why the army is holding
my baby -- they want to crush our spirit. But I have been a member of Avaaz
for eight years -- I h __ave seen the power of this community if we all stand
together against injustice.  
  
My little girl's case goes to court on 31 January \-- but Israel's military
courts convict 99% of Palestinians, even if they are kids.  **Please join my
urgent call below _with one click_  **\-- weâll deliver it directly to
global leaders:  
  
**_Help free my daughter Ahed_**  
  
**_To all world leaders:_**  
 _  
"_ _We demand the release of Ahed and all Palestinian children wrongly held in
military prisons._  
  
 _The international community must put an end to the detention and ill-
treatment of children in these prisons. Enough is enough._  
  
 _To Ahed and all the children in Israeli military_ _jails: We stand by your
side, and are holding you in our hearts. We will not give up until you are
free. You are not alone._ _"_  
  
**_Help free my daughter Ahed_**  
  
When I saw her in court she was pale and shivering, shackled and clearly in
pain. I wanted to cry but I couldnât, I have to stay strong so she stays
strong.  
  
Then the judge refused bail, and now my child could spend months or years
behind bars before even getting a fair trial. There is no reason for her to be
held like this! They took her away for slapping a heavily armed officer after
his soldiers shot her little cousin in the face, shattering his skull. But
instead of focusing on the shooting of a minor, they are focused on my girl
and are now charging her with 12 crimes.  
  
 **Over 12,000 Palestinian children have been arrested since 2000**! No matter
where you stand on this conflict,  we can all agree no child should be thrown
into a military prison without a fair trial, and subjected to abuse.  
  
I have personally reached out to diplomats. But **my voice alone is not strong
enough.** That's why I'm appealing to you to stand with me now. We know the
military judges donât want global attention on them, and Israel's
politicians don't want the issue of child prisoners to become a massive public
scandal. **Add your name -- we only have days:**  
  
**_Help free my daughter Ahed_**  
  

I have been inspired by this movement's strength and passion for freedom,
justice, and creating a better world for the next generation. That's why I am
reaching out to you -- because I know that if anyone can free my daughter and
all the children it is the Avaaz community.  
  
With hope and determination,  
  
Basem Tamimi with the Avaaz team  
  
PS -- The Avaaz team has prepared this fact sheet with more information about
Israelâs treatment of Palestinian children.  
  
 **More information:  **  
  
Palestinian teen activist could face years in prison after slapping an Israeli
soldier (ABC News)  
http://abcnews.go.com/International/palestinian-teen-activist-face-years-
prison-slapping-israeli/story?id=51913049  
  
Palestinian Ahed Tamimi arrested by Israeli forces (Al Jazeera)  
http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/12/palestinian-ahed-tamimi-arrested-
israeli-forces-171219174834758.html  
  
The Story Behind Ahed Tamimi's Slap: Her Cousin's Head Shattered by Israeli
Soldier's Bullet (Haaretz)  
https://www.haaretz.com/israel-news/.premium-behind-ahed-tamimi-s-slap-her-
cousin-s-head-shattered-by-idf-bullet-1.5729500  
  
Is This Where the Third Intifada Will Start? (New York Times)  
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/03/17/magazine/is-this-where-the-third-intifada-
will-start.html  
  
Palestinian Ahed Tamimi to remain in jail during trial (Al Jazeera)  
http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2018/01/palestinian-ahed-tamimi-remain-jail-
trial-180117132422405.html  
  
Palestine: Israeli Police Abusing Detained Children (Human Rights Watch)  
https://www.hrw.org/news/2016/04/11/palestine-israeli-police-abusing-detained-
children  
  
**  
Avaaz is a 44-million-person global campaign network** that works to ensure
that the views and values of the world's people shape global decision-making.
("Avaaz" means "voice" or "song" in many languages.) Avaaz members live in
every nation of the world; our team is spread across 18 countries on 6
continents and operates in 17 languages. Learn about some of Avaaz's biggest
campaigns here, or follow us on Facebook or Twitter.  
  
You became a member of the Avaaz movement and started receiving these emails
when you signed "Join the "World to Trump" Open Letter" on 2017-01-31 using
the email address deepanshu961@gmail.com.  
To ensure that Avaaz messages reach your inbox, please add avaaz@avaaz.org to
your address book. To change your email address, language settings, or other
personal information, contact us, or simply **go here to unsubscribe**.  
  
To contact Avaaz, please **do not reply to this email.** Instead, write to us
at https://www.avaaz.org/en/contact/?footer or call us at +1-888-922-8229
(US). ' b'Dear friends, Days ago soldiers stormed my house in the dead of
night and dragged my 16-year-old daughter to prison. Now my little girl is in
a cold cell. I have dedicated my life toÂ civil resistance. That's why the
army is holding my baby -- they want to crush our spirit. But I have been a
member of Avaaz for eight years -- I have seen the power of this community if
we all stand together against injustice. My little girl's case goes to court
onÂ 31Â JanuaryÂ --Â but Israel's military courts convict 99% of Palestinians,
even if they are kids.Â Please join my urgent call below with one clickÂ --
weâll deliver it directly to global leaders:
https://secure.avaaz.org/campaign/en/free_ahed_global_pa2/?bwBPElb&signup;=1&cl;=13814528711&v;=101971&_checksum=7e7edc888b40a8170f1a373a3e194a9f5e78381bc1a1b96592d94dea044972e1
To all world leaders: "We demand the release of Ahed and all Palestinian
children wrongly held in military prisons. The international community must
put an end to the detention and ill-treatment of children in these prisons.
Enough is enough. To Ahed and all the children in Israeli military jails: We
stand by your side, and are holding you in our hearts. We will not give up
until you are free. You are not alone."
https://secure.avaaz.org/campaign/en/free_ahed_global_pa2/?bwBPElb&signup;=1&cl;=13814528711&v;=101971&_checksum=7e7edc888b40a8170f1a373a3e194a9f5e78381bc1a1b96592d94dea044972e1
When I saw her in court she was pale and shivering, shackled and clearly in
pain. I wanted to cry but I couldnât, I have to stay strong so she stays
strong. Then the judge refused bail, and now my child could spend months or
years behind bars before even getting a fair trial. There is no reason for her
to be held like this! They took her away for slapping a heavily armed officer
after his soldiers shot her little cousin in the face, shattering his skull.
But instead of focusing on the shooting of a minor, they are focused on my
girl and are now charging her with 12 crimes. Over 12,000 Palestinian children
have been arrested since 2000! No matter where you stand on this conflict,Â we
can all agree no child should be thrown into a military prison without a fair
trial, and subjected to abuse. I have personally reached out to diplomats. But
my voice alone is not strong enough. That's why I'm appealing to you to stand
with me now. We know the military judges donât want global attention on
them, and Israel's politicians don't want the issue of child prisoners to
become a massive public scandal. Add your name -- we only have days:
https://secure.avaaz.org/campaign/en/free_ahed_global_pa2/?bwBPElb&signup;=1&cl;=13814528711&v;=101971&_checksum=7e7edc888b40a8170f1a373a3e194a9f5e78381bc1a1b96592d94dea044972e1
I have been inspired by this movement's strength and passion for freedom,
justice, and creating a better world for the next generation. That's why I am
reaching out to you -- because I know that if anyone can free my daughter and
all the children it is the Avaaz community. With hope and determination, Basem
Tamimi with the Avaaz team PS -- The Avaaz team has prepared this fact sheet
(https://avaazpress.s3.amazonaws.com/Child+Detention+Fact+Sheet.pdf) with more
information about Israelâs treatment of Palestinian children. More
information:Â Palestinian teen activist could face years in prison after
slapping an Israeli soldier (ABC News)Â
http://abcnews.go.com/International/palestinian-teen-activist-face-years-
prison-slapping-israeli/story?id=51913049 Palestinian Ahed Tamimi arrested by
Israeli forces (Al Jazeera)Â
http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/12/palestinian-ahed-tamimi-arrested-
israeli-forces-171219174834758.htmlÂ The Story Behind Ahed Tamimi's Slap: Her
Cousin's Head Shattered by Israeli Soldier's Bullet (Haaretz)
https://www.haaretz.com/israel-news/.premium-behind-ahed-tamimi-s-slap-her-
cousin-s-head-shattered-by-idf-bullet-1.5729500 Is This Where the Third
Intifada Will Start? (New York Times)Â
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/03/17/magazine/is-this-where-the-third-intifada-
will-start.html (http://www.nytimes.com/2013/03/17/magazine/is-this-where-the-
third-intifada-will-start.htmlPalestinian Ahed Tamimi to remain in jail during
trial (Al Jazeera)) Palestinian Ahed Tamimi to remain in jail during trial (Al
Jazeera) http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2018/01/palestinian-ahed-tamimi-remain-
jail-trial-180117132422405.html Palestine: Israeli Police Abusing Detained
Children (Human Rights Watch) https://www.hrw.org/news/2016/04/11/palestine-
israeli-police-abusing-detained-children Avaaz is a 44-million-person global
campaign network that works to ensure that the views and values of the world's
people shape global decision-making. ("Avaaz" means "voice" or "song" in many
languages.) Avaaz members live in every nation of the world; our team is
spread across 18 countries on 6 continents and operates in 17 languages. Learn
about some of Avaaz's biggest campaigns here:
https://www.avaaz.org/en/highlights.php/?footer or follow us on facebook here:
https://www.facebook.com/Avaaz or twitter here: https://twitter.com/Avaaz This
message was sent to deepanshu961@gmail.com. To change your email address,
language, or other information, contact us here:
https://www.avaaz.org/en/contact/?footer Want to leave this list? Send a
message to unsubscribe@avaaz.org, or click here:
https://secure.avaaz.org/act/?r=unsub&bwBPElb;&v;=101971〈=en&cid;=27221&_checksum=7e7edc888b40a8170f1a373a3e194a9f5e78381bc1a1b96592d94dea044972e1
To contact Avaaz, please do not reply to this email. Instead, write to us via
the form at https://www.avaaz.org/en/contact. You can also call us at
+1-888-922-8229 (US). ' b'  |  | **My 16-year-old daughter was dragged out of
her bed in the dead of night  **and arrested. Even though  **she is just a
child, the military refused to release her. She could spend years in jail.**
I have dedicated my life to civil resistance in Palestine. That's why the
Israeli army is holding my baby -- they want to crush my spirit. All I want is
to hold my daughter again.  **With one click, please join my appeal to get her
out** **:**  
  
---  
|

![Add my name](https://avaazimages.avaaz.org/27184_ahed_3_300x150.jpg)

  
**My 16-year-old daughter was dragged out of her bed in the dead of night
**and arrested. Even though  **she is just a child, the military refused to
release her. She could spend years in jail.**  I have dedicated my life to
civil resistance in Palestine. That's why the Israeli army is holding my baby
-- they want to crush my spirit. All I want is to hold my daughter again.
**With one click, please join my appeal to get her out** **:**  
  
|  Add my name  
---  
![](https://open.avaaz.org/act/open/13814528711.gif)

Dear friends,  
  
Days ago soldiers **stormed my house in the dead of night and dragged my**
**16-year-old** **daughter to prison.** Now my little girl is in a cold cell.  
  
I have dedicated my life to civil resistance. That's why the army is holding
my baby -- they want to crush our spirit. But I have been a member of Avaaz
for eight years -- I h __ave seen the power of this community if we all stand
together against injustice.  
  
My little girl's case goes to court on 31 January \-- but Israel's military
courts convict 99% of Palestinians, even if they are kids.  **Please join my
urgent call below _with one click_  **\-- weâll deliver it directly to
global leaders:  
  
**_Help free my daughter Ahed_**  
  
**_To all world leaders:_**  
 _  
"_ _We demand the release of Ahed and all Palestinian children wrongly held in
military prisons._  
  
 _The international community must put an end to the detention and ill-
treatment of children in these prisons. Enough is enough._  
  
 _To Ahed and all the children in Israeli military_ _jails: We stand by your
side, and are holding you in our hearts. We will not give up until you are
free. You are not alone._ _"_  
  
**_Help free my daughter Ahed_**  
  
When I saw her in court she was pale and shivering, shackled and clearly in
pain. I wanted to cry but I couldnât, I have to stay strong so she stays
strong.  
  
Then the judge refused bail, and now my child could spend months or years
behind bars before even getting a fair trial. There is no reason for her to be
held like this! They took her away for slapping a heavily armed officer after
his soldiers shot her little cousin in the face, shattering his skull. But
instead of focusing on the shooting of a minor, they are focused on my girl
and are now charging her with 12 crimes.  
  
 **Over 12,000 Palestinian children have been arrested since 2000**! No matter
where you stand on this conflict,  we can all agree no child should be thrown
into a military prison without a fair trial, and subjected to abuse.  
  
I have personally reached out to diplomats. But **my voice alone is not strong
enough.** That's why I'm appealing to you to stand with me now. We know the
military judges donât want global attention on them, and Israel's
politicians don't want the issue of child prisoners to become a massive public
scandal. **Add your name -- we only have days:**  
  
**_Help free my daughter Ahed_**  
  

I have been inspired by this movement's strength and passion for freedom,
justice, and creating a better world for the next generation. That's why I am
reaching out to you -- because I know that if anyone can free my daughter and
all the children it is the Avaaz community.  
  
With hope and determination,  
  
Basem Tamimi with the Avaaz team  
  
PS -- The Avaaz team has prepared this fact sheet with more information about
Israelâs treatment of Palestinian children.  
  
 **More information:  **  
  
Palestinian teen activist could face years in prison after slapping an Israeli
soldier (ABC News)  
http://abcnews.go.com/International/palestinian-teen-activist-face-years-
prison-slapping-israeli/story?id=51913049  
  
Palestinian Ahed Tamimi arrested by Israeli forces (Al Jazeera)  
http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/12/palestinian-ahed-tamimi-arrested-
israeli-forces-171219174834758.html  
  
The Story Behind Ahed Tamimi's Slap: Her Cousin's Head Shattered by Israeli
Soldier's Bullet (Haaretz)  
https://www.haaretz.com/israel-news/.premium-behind-ahed-tamimi-s-slap-her-
cousin-s-head-shattered-by-idf-bullet-1.5729500  
  
Is This Where the Third Intifada Will Start? (New York Times)  
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/03/17/magazine/is-this-where-the-third-intifada-
will-start.html  
  
Palestinian Ahed Tamimi to remain in jail during trial (Al Jazeera)  
http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2018/01/palestinian-ahed-tamimi-remain-jail-
trial-180117132422405.html  
  
Palestine: Israeli Police Abusing Detained Children (Human Rights Watch)  
https://www.hrw.org/news/2016/04/11/palestine-israeli-police-abusing-detained-
children  
  
**  
Avaaz is a 44-million-person global campaign network** that works to ensure
that the views and values of the world's people shape global decision-making.
("Avaaz" means "voice" or "song" in many languages.) Avaaz members live in
every nation of the world; our team is spread across 18 countries on 6
continents and operates in 17 languages. Learn about some of Avaaz's biggest
campaigns here, or follow us on Facebook or Twitter.  
  
You became a member of the Avaaz movement and started receiving these emails
when you signed "Join the "World to Trump" Open Letter" on 2017-01-31 using
the email address deepanshu961@gmail.com.  
To ensure that Avaaz messages reach your inbox, please add avaaz@avaaz.org to
your address book. To change your email address, language settings, or other
personal information, contact us, or simply **go here to unsubscribe**.  
  
To contact Avaaz, please **do not reply to this email.** Instead, write to us
at https://www.avaaz.org/en/contact/?footer or call us at +1-888-922-8229
(US). '

b'Dear friends, Days ago soldiers stormed my house in the dead of night and
dragged my 16-year-old daughter to prison. Now my little girl is in a cold
cell. I have dedicated my life toÂ civil resistance. That's why the army is
holding my baby -- they want to crush our spirit. But I have been a member of
Avaaz for eight years -- I have seen the power of this community if we all
stand together against injustice. My little girl's case goes to court onÂ 31Â
JanuaryÂ --Â but Israel's military courts convict 99% of Palestinians, even if
they are kids.Â Please join my urgent call below with one clickÂ -- weâll
deliver it directly to global leaders:
https://secure.avaaz.org/campaign/en/free_ahed_global_pa2/?bwBPElb&signup;=1&cl;=13814528711&v;=101971&_checksum=7e7edc888b40a8170f1a373a3e194a9f5e78381bc1a1b96592d94dea044972e1
To all world leaders: "We demand the release of Ahed and all Palestinian
children wrongly held in military prisons. The international community must
put an end to the detention and ill-treatment of children in these prisons.
Enough is enough. To Ahed and all the children in Israeli military jails: We
stand by your side, and are holding you in our hearts. We will not give up
until you are free. You are not alone."
https://secure.avaaz.org/campaign/en/free_ahed_global_pa2/?bwBPElb&signup;=1&cl;=13814528711&v;=101971&_checksum=7e7edc888b40a8170f1a373a3e194a9f5e78381bc1a1b96592d94dea044972e1
When I saw her in court she was pale and shivering, shackled and clearly in
pain. I wanted to cry but I couldnât, I have to stay strong so she stays
strong. Then the judge refused bail, and now my child could spend months or
years behind bars before even getting a fair trial. There is no reason for her
to be held like this! They took her away for slapping a heavily armed officer
after his soldiers shot her little cousin in the face, shattering his skull.
But instead of focusing on the shooting of a minor, they are focused on my
girl and are now charging her with 12 crimes. Over 12,000 Palestinian children
have been arrested since 2000! No matter where you stand on this conflict,Â we
can all agree no child should be thrown into a military prison without a fair
trial, and subjected to abuse. I have personally reached out to diplomats. But
my voice alone is not strong enough. That's why I'm appealing to you to stand
with me now. We know the military judges donât want global attention on
them, and Israel's politicians don't want the issue of child prisoners to
become a massive public scandal. Add your name -- we only have days:
https://secure.avaaz.org/campaign/en/free_ahed_global_pa2/?bwBPElb&signup;=1&cl;=13814528711&v;=101971&_checksum=7e7edc888b40a8170f1a373a3e194a9f5e78381bc1a1b96592d94dea044972e1
I have been inspired by this movement's strength and passion for freedom,
justice, and creating a better world for the next generation. That's why I am
reaching out to you -- because I know that if anyone can free my daughter and
all the children it is the Avaaz community. With hope and determination, Basem
Tamimi with the Avaaz team PS -- The Avaaz team has prepared this fact sheet
(https://avaazpress.s3.amazonaws.com/Child+Detention+Fact+Sheet.pdf) with more
information about Israelâs treatment of Palestinian children. More
information:Â Palestinian teen activist could face years in prison after
slapping an Israeli soldier (ABC News)Â
http://abcnews.go.com/International/palestinian-teen-activist-face-years-
prison-slapping-israeli/story?id=51913049 Palestinian Ahed Tamimi arrested by
Israeli forces (Al Jazeera)Â
http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/12/palestinian-ahed-tamimi-arrested-
israeli-forces-171219174834758.htmlÂ The Story Behind Ahed Tamimi's Slap: Her
Cousin's Head Shattered by Israeli Soldier's Bullet (Haaretz)
https://www.haaretz.com/israel-news/.premium-behind-ahed-tamimi-s-slap-her-
cousin-s-head-shattered-by-idf-bullet-1.5729500 Is This Where the Third
Intifada Will Start? (New York Times)Â
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/03/17/magazine/is-this-where-the-third-intifada-
will-start.html (http://www.nytimes.com/2013/03/17/magazine/is-this-where-the-
third-intifada-will-start.htmlPalestinian Ahed Tamimi to remain in jail during
trial (Al Jazeera)) Palestinian Ahed Tamimi to remain in jail during trial (Al
Jazeera) http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2018/01/palestinian-ahed-tamimi-remain-
jail-trial-180117132422405.html Palestine: Israeli Police Abusing Detained
Children (Human Rights Watch) https://www.hrw.org/news/2016/04/11/palestine-
israeli-police-abusing-detained-children Avaaz is a 44-million-person global
campaign network that works to ensure that the views and values of the world's
people shape global decision-making. ("Avaaz" means "voice" or "song" in many
languages.) Avaaz members live in every nation of the world; our team is
spread across 18 countries on 6 continents and operates in 17 languages. Learn
about some of Avaaz's biggest campaigns here:
https://www.avaaz.org/en/highlights.php/?footer or follow us on facebook here:
https://www.facebook.com/Avaaz or twitter here: https://twitter.com/Avaaz This
message was sent to deepanshu961@gmail.com. To change your email address,
language, or other information, contact us here:
https://www.avaaz.org/en/contact/?footer Want to leave this list? Send a
message to unsubscribe@avaaz.org, or click here:
https://secure.avaaz.org/act/?r=unsub&bwBPElb;&v;=101971〈=en&cid;=27221&_checksum=7e7edc888b40a8170f1a373a3e194a9f5e78381bc1a1b96592d94dea044972e1
To contact Avaaz, please do not reply to this email. Instead, write to us via
the form at https://www.avaaz.org/en/contact. You can also call us at
+1-888-922-8229 (US). ' b'  |  | **My 16-year-old daughter was dragged out of
her bed in the dead of night  **and arrested. Even though  **she is just a
child, the military refused to release her. She could spend years in jail.**
I have dedicated my life to civil resistance in Palestine. That's why the
Israeli army is holding my baby -- they want to crush my spirit. All I want is
to hold my daughter again.  **With one click, please join my appeal to get her
out** **:**  
  
---  
|

![Add my name](https://avaazimages.avaaz.org/27184_ahed_3_300x150.jpg)

  
**My 16-year-old daughter was dragged out of her bed in the dead of night
**and arrested. Even though  **she is just a child, the military refused to
release her. She could spend years in jail.**  I have dedicated my life to
civil resistance in Palestine. That's why the Israeli army is holding my baby
-- they want to crush my spirit. All I want is to hold my daughter again.
**With one click, please join my appeal to get her out** **:**  
  
|  Add my name  
---  
![](https://open.avaaz.org/act/open/13814528711.gif)

Dear friends,  
  
Days ago soldiers **stormed my house in the dead of night and dragged my**
**16-year-old** **daughter to prison.** Now my little girl is in a cold cell.  
  
I have dedicated my life to civil resistance. That's why the army is holding
my baby -- they want to crush our spirit. But I have been a member of Avaaz
for eight years -- I h __ave seen the power of this community if we all stand
together against injustice.  
  
My little girl's case goes to court on 31 January \-- but Israel's military
courts convict 99% of Palestinians, even if they are kids.  **Please join my
urgent call below _with one click_  **\-- weâll deliver it directly to
global leaders:  
  
**_Help free my daughter Ahed_**  
  
**_To all world leaders:_**  
 _  
"_ _We demand the release of Ahed and all Palestinian children wrongly held in
military prisons._  
  
 _The international community must put an end to the detention and ill-
treatment of children in these prisons. Enough is enough._  
  
 _To Ahed and all the children in Israeli military_ _jails: We stand by your
side, and are holding you in our hearts. We will not give up until you are
free. You are not alone._ _"_  
  
**_Help free my daughter Ahed_**  
  
When I saw her in court she was pale and shivering, shackled and clearly in
pain. I wanted to cry but I couldnât, I have to stay strong so she stays
strong.  
  
Then the judge refused bail, and now my child could spend months or years
behind bars before even getting a fair trial. There is no reason for her to be
held like this! They took her away for slapping a heavily armed officer after
his soldiers shot her little cousin in the face, shattering his skull. But
instead of focusing on the shooting of a minor, they are focused on my girl
and are now charging her with 12 crimes.  
  
 **Over 12,000 Palestinian children have been arrested since 2000**! No matter
where you stand on this conflict,  we can all agree no child should be thrown
into a military prison without a fair trial, and subjected to abuse.  
  
I have personally reached out to diplomats. But **my voice alone is not strong
enough.** That's why I'm appealing to you to stand with me now. We know the
military judges donât want global attention on them, and Israel's
politicians don't want the issue of child prisoners to become a massive public
scandal. **Add your name -- we only have days:**  
  
**_Help free my daughter Ahed_**  
  

I have been inspired by this movement's strength and passion for freedom,
justice, and creating a better world for the next generation. That's why I am
reaching out to you -- because I know that if anyone can free my daughter and
all the children it is the Avaaz community.  
  
With hope and determination,  
  
Basem Tamimi with the Avaaz team  
  
PS -- The Avaaz team has prepared this fact sheet with more information about
Israelâs treatment of Palestinian children.  
  
 **More information:  **  
  
Palestinian teen activist could face years in prison after slapping an Israeli
soldier (ABC News)  
http://abcnews.go.com/International/palestinian-teen-activist-face-years-
prison-slapping-israeli/story?id=51913049  
  
Palestinian Ahed Tamimi arrested by Israeli forces (Al Jazeera)  
http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/12/palestinian-ahed-tamimi-arrested-
israeli-forces-171219174834758.html  
  
The Story Behind Ahed Tamimi's Slap: Her Cousin's Head Shattered by Israeli
Soldier's Bullet (Haaretz)  
https://www.haaretz.com/israel-news/.premium-behind-ahed-tamimi-s-slap-her-
cousin-s-head-shattered-by-idf-bullet-1.5729500  
  
Is This Where the Third Intifada Will Start? (New York Times)  
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/03/17/magazine/is-this-where-the-third-intifada-
will-start.html  
  
Palestinian Ahed Tamimi to remain in jail during trial (Al Jazeera)  
http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2018/01/palestinian-ahed-tamimi-remain-jail-
trial-180117132422405.html  
  
Palestine: Israeli Police Abusing Detained Children (Human Rights Watch)  
https://www.hrw.org/news/2016/04/11/palestine-israeli-police-abusing-detained-
children  
  
**  
Avaaz is a 44-million-person global campaign network** that works to ensure
that the views and values of the world's people shape global decision-making.
("Avaaz" means "voice" or "song" in many languages.) Avaaz members live in
every nation of the world; our team is spread across 18 countries on 6
continents and operates in 17 languages. Learn about some of Avaaz's biggest
campaigns here, or follow us on Facebook or Twitter.  
  
You became a member of the Avaaz movement and started receiving these emails
when you signed "Join the "World to Trump" Open Letter" on 2017-01-31 using
the email address deepanshu961@gmail.com.  
To ensure that Avaaz messages reach your inbox, please add avaaz@avaaz.org to
your address book. To change your email address, language settings, or other
personal information, contact us, or simply **go here to unsubscribe**.  
  
To contact Avaaz, please **do not reply to this email.** Instead, write to us
at https://www.avaaz.org/en/contact/?footer or call us at +1-888-922-8229
(US). ' b'Dear friends, Days ago soldiers stormed my house in the dead of
night and dragged my 16-year-old daughter to prison. Now my little girl is in
a cold cell. I have dedicated my life toÂ civil resistance. That's why the
army is holding my baby -- they want to crush our spirit. But I have been a
member of Avaaz for eight years -- I have seen the power of this community if
we all stand together against injustice. My little girl's case goes to court
onÂ 31Â JanuaryÂ --Â but Israel's military courts convict 99% of Palestinians,
even if they are kids.Â Please join my urgent call below with one clickÂ --
weâll deliver it directly to global leaders:
https://secure.avaaz.org/campaign/en/free_ahed_global_pa2/?bwBPElb&signup;=1&cl;=13814528711&v;=101971&_checksum=7e7edc888b40a8170f1a373a3e194a9f5e78381bc1a1b96592d94dea044972e1
To all world leaders: "We demand the release of Ahed and all Palestinian
children wrongly held in military prisons. The international community must
put an end to the detention and ill-treatment of children in these prisons.
Enough is enough. To Ahed and all the children in Israeli military jails: We
stand by your side, and are holding you in our hearts. We will not give up
until you are free. You are not alone."
https://secure.avaaz.org/campaign/en/free_ahed_global_pa2/?bwBPElb&signup;=1&cl;=13814528711&v;=101971&_checksum=7e7edc888b40a8170f1a373a3e194a9f5e78381bc1a1b96592d94dea044972e1
When I saw her in court she was pale and shivering, shackled and clearly in
pain. I wanted to cry but I couldnât, I have to stay strong so she stays
strong. Then the judge refused bail, and now my child could spend months or
years behind bars before even getting a fair trial. There is no reason for her
to be held like this! They took her away for slapping a heavily armed officer
after his soldiers shot her little cousin in the face, shattering his skull.
But instead of focusing on the shooting of a minor, they are focused on my
girl and are now charging her with 12 crimes. Over 12,000 Palestinian children
have been arrested since 2000! No matter where you stand on this conflict,Â we
can all agree no child should be thrown into a military prison without a fair
trial, and subjected to abuse. I have personally reached out to diplomats. But
my voice alone is not strong enough. That's why I'm appealing to you to stand
with me now. We know the military judges donât want global attention on
them, and Israel's politicians don't want the issue of child prisoners to
become a massive public scandal. Add your name -- we only have days:
https://secure.avaaz.org/campaign/en/free_ahed_global_pa2/?bwBPElb&signup;=1&cl;=13814528711&v;=101971&_checksum=7e7edc888b40a8170f1a373a3e194a9f5e78381bc1a1b96592d94dea044972e1
I have been inspired by this movement's strength and passion for freedom,
justice, and creating a better world for the next generation. That's why I am
reaching out to you -- because I know that if anyone can free my daughter and
all the children it is the Avaaz community. With hope and determination, Basem
Tamimi with the Avaaz team PS -- The Avaaz team has prepared this fact sheet
(https://avaazpress.s3.amazonaws.com/Child+Detention+Fact+Sheet.pdf) with more
information about Israelâs treatment of Palestinian children. More
information:Â Palestinian teen activist could face years in prison after
slapping an Israeli soldier (ABC News)Â
http://abcnews.go.com/International/palestinian-teen-activist-face-years-
prison-slapping-israeli/story?id=51913049 Palestinian Ahed Tamimi arrested by
Israeli forces (Al Jazeera)Â
http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/12/palestinian-ahed-tamimi-arrested-
israeli-forces-171219174834758.htmlÂ The Story Behind Ahed Tamimi's Slap: Her
Cousin's Head Shattered by Israeli Soldier's Bullet (Haaretz)
https://www.haaretz.com/israel-news/.premium-behind-ahed-tamimi-s-slap-her-
cousin-s-head-shattered-by-idf-bullet-1.5729500 Is This Where the Third
Intifada Will Start? (New York Times)Â
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/03/17/magazine/is-this-where-the-third-intifada-
will-start.html (http://www.nytimes.com/2013/03/17/magazine/is-this-where-the-
third-intifada-will-start.htmlPalestinian Ahed Tamimi to remain in jail during
trial (Al Jazeera)) Palestinian Ahed Tamimi to remain in jail during trial (Al
Jazeera) http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2018/01/palestinian-ahed-tamimi-remain-
jail-trial-180117132422405.html Palestine: Israeli Police Abusing Detained
Children (Human Rights Watch) https://www.hrw.org/news/2016/04/11/palestine-
israeli-police-abusing-detained-children Avaaz is a 44-million-person global
campaign network that works to ensure that the views and values of the world's
people shape global decision-making. ("Avaaz" means "voice" or "song" in many
languages.) Avaaz members live in every nation of the world; our team is
spread across 18 countries on 6 continents and operates in 17 languages. Learn
about some of Avaaz's biggest campaigns here:
https://www.avaaz.org/en/highlights.php/?footer or follow us on facebook here:
https://www.facebook.com/Avaaz or twitter here: https://twitter.com/Avaaz This
message was sent to deepanshu961@gmail.com. To change your email address,
language, or other information, contact us here:
https://www.avaaz.org/en/contact/?footer Want to leave this list? Send a
message to unsubscribe@avaaz.org, or click here:
https://secure.avaaz.org/act/?r=unsub&bwBPElb;&v;=101971〈=en&cid;=27221&_checksum=7e7edc888b40a8170f1a373a3e194a9f5e78381bc1a1b96592d94dea044972e1
To contact Avaaz, please do not reply to this email. Instead, write to us via
the form at https://www.avaaz.org/en/contact. You can also call us at
+1-888-922-8229 (US). ' b'  |  | **My 16-year-old daughter was dragged out of
her bed in the dead of night  **and arrested. Even though  **she is just a
child, the military refused to release her. She could spend years in jail.**
I have dedicated my life to civil resistance in Palestine. That's why the
Israeli army is holding my baby -- they want to crush my spirit. All I want is
to hold my daughter again.  **With one click, please join my appeal to get her
out** **:**  
  
---  
|

![Add my name](https://avaazimages.avaaz.org/27184_ahed_3_300x150.jpg)

  
**My 16-year-old daughter was dragged out of her bed in the dead of night
**and arrested. Even though  **she is just a child, the military refused to
release her. She could spend years in jail.**  I have dedicated my life to
civil resistance in Palestine. That's why the Israeli army is holding my baby
-- they want to crush my spirit. All I want is to hold my daughter again.
**With one click, please join my appeal to get her out** **:**  
  
|  Add my name  
---  
![](https://open.avaaz.org/act/open/13814528711.gif)

Dear friends,  
  
Days ago soldiers **stormed my house in the dead of night and dragged my**
**16-year-old** **daughter to prison.** Now my little girl is in a cold cell.  
  
I have dedicated my life to civil resistance. That's why the army is holding
my baby -- they want to crush our spirit. But I have been a member of Avaaz
for eight years -- I h __ave seen the power of this community if we all stand
together against injustice.  
  
My little girl's case goes to court on 31 January \-- but Israel's military
courts convict 99% of Palestinians, even if they are kids.  **Please join my
urgent call below _with one click_  **\-- weâll deliver it directly to
global leaders:  
  
**_Help free my daughter Ahed_**  
  
**_To all world leaders:_**  
 _  
"_ _We demand the release of Ahed and all Palestinian children wrongly held in
military prisons._  
  
 _The international community must put an end to the detention and ill-
treatment of children in these prisons. Enough is enough._  
  
 _To Ahed and all the children in Israeli military_ _jails: We stand by your
side, and are holding you in our hearts. We will not give up until you are
free. You are not alone._ _"_  
  
**_Help free my daughter Ahed_**  
  
When I saw her in court she was pale and shivering, shackled and clearly in
pain. I wanted to cry but I couldnât, I have to stay strong so she stays
strong.  
  
Then the judge refused bail, and now my child could spend months or years
behind bars before even getting a fair trial. There is no reason for her to be
held like this! They took her away for slapping a heavily armed officer after
his soldiers shot her little cousin in the face, shattering his skull. But
instead of focusing on the shooting of a minor, they are focused on my girl
and are now charging her with 12 crimes.  
  
 **Over 12,000 Palestinian children have been arrested since 2000**! No matter
where you stand on this conflict,  we can all agree no child should be thrown
into a military prison without a fair trial, and subjected to abuse.  
  
I have personally reached out to diplomats. But **my voice alone is not strong
enough.** That's why I'm appealing to you to stand with me now. We know the
military judges donât want global attention on them, and Israel's
politicians don't want the issue of child prisoners to become a massive public
scandal. **Add your name -- we only have days:**  
  
**_Help free my daughter Ahed_**  
  

I have been inspired by this movement's strength and passion for freedom,
justice, and creating a better world for the next generation. That's why I am
reaching out to you -- because I know that if anyone can free my daughter and
all the children it is the Avaaz community.  
  
With hope and determination,  
  
Basem Tamimi with the Avaaz team  
  
PS -- The Avaaz team has prepared this fact sheet with more information about
Israelâs treatment of Palestinian children.  
  
 **More information:  **  
  
Palestinian teen activist could face years in prison after slapping an Israeli
soldier (ABC News)  
http://abcnews.go.com/International/palestinian-teen-activist-face-years-
prison-slapping-israeli/story?id=51913049  
  
Palestinian Ahed Tamimi arrested by Israeli forces (Al Jazeera)  
http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/12/palestinian-ahed-tamimi-arrested-
israeli-forces-171219174834758.html  
  
The Story Behind Ahed Tamimi's Slap: Her Cousin's Head Shattered by Israeli
Soldier's Bullet (Haaretz)  
https://www.haaretz.com/israel-news/.premium-behind-ahed-tamimi-s-slap-her-
cousin-s-head-shattered-by-idf-bullet-1.5729500  
  
Is This Where the Third Intifada Will Start? (New York Times)  
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/03/17/magazine/is-this-where-the-third-intifada-
will-start.html  
  
Palestinian Ahed Tamimi to remain in jail during trial (Al Jazeera)  
http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2018/01/palestinian-ahed-tamimi-remain-jail-
trial-180117132422405.html  
  
Palestine: Israeli Police Abusing Detained Children (Human Rights Watch)  
https://www.hrw.org/news/2016/04/11/palestine-israeli-police-abusing-detained-
children  
  
**  
Avaaz is a 44-million-person global campaign network** that works to ensure
that the views and values of the world's people shape global decision-making.
("Avaaz" means "voice" or "song" in many languages.) Avaaz members live in
every nation of the world; our team is spread across 18 countries on 6
continents and operates in 17 languages. Learn about some of Avaaz's biggest
campaigns here, or follow us on Facebook or Twitter.  
  
You became a member of the Avaaz movement and started receiving these emails
when you signed "Join the "World to Trump" Open Letter" on 2017-01-31 using
the email address deepanshu961@gmail.com.  
To ensure that Avaaz messages reach your inbox, please add avaaz@avaaz.org to
your address book. To change your email address, language settings, or other
personal information, contact us, or simply **go here to unsubscribe**.  
  
To contact Avaaz, please **do not reply to this email.** Instead, write to us
at https://www.avaaz.org/en/contact/?footer or call us at +1-888-922-8229
(US). '

