b' > Begin forwarded message: > > From: reservations@goindigo.in > Subject:
Your IndiGo Itinerary - NDLCXW > Date: 8 September 2017 at 3:19:20 AM IST >
To: deepanshu961@gmail.com > > > > Call 09212783838 INTERGLOBE AVIATION
LTD.(INDIGO), GlobalBusiness Park, Gurgaon, Haryana, India. > IndiGo
Passenger(s) > Your flight(s) are open for web check-in now. > Certain seats
may be charged. > >  > 1. Mr Deepanshu Arora > IndiGo Flight(s) > Date Departs
Check-in/Bag drop closes From To Via Flight Dep Terminal Arrives > 23Sep17
22:40 21:55 Delhi Bengaluru 6E 977 1 01:20 > Boarding gate closes 25/45
minutes prior to the scheduled time of departure for domestic/international
sectors. > Booking Reference Numeric Booking ID Status Date of Booking *
Payment Status > NDLCXW 270723051210 CONFIRMED 05Sep17 > 16:00:44 (UTC)
Approved > * Booking Date reflects in UTC(Coordinated Universal Time), all
other timings mentioned are as per Local Time. > > Price Summary Contact
Information > Airfare Charges INR > 2 , 574 .00 > CGST For Delhi INR > 66 .00
> SGST For Delhi INR > 66 .00 > Passenger Service Fee (PSF) INR > 153 .00 >
User Development Fee (UDF) INR > 12 .00 > RCS Fee INR > 50 .00 > Total Fare
INR > 2 , 921 . 00 > Address :ibibo Web Private Limited, 4th Floor > Phone :
9953126352 > Email : deepanshu961@gmail.com > Note: > Goods and Services Tax
(GST) shall be levied at applicable rates on all air transportation services
provided by IndiGo, except in cases specifically exempted under law. > This is
not a GST invoice. The GST invoice shall be sent to the email address in the
name of the first passenger, mentioned in this itinerary. In case of a booking
made by a GSTIN holder, the GST invoice shall be sent in the name of the GSTIN
holder to the email address mentioned while providing the GSTIN information at
the time of reservation. > Additionally, passengers may download the GST
invoice using their PNR number on the IndiGo website www.goindigo.in. > GST
shall also be applicable on any special services requested by the passenger at
applicable rates. > Tax Invoices shall be only in INR, even in cases where the
payment is made in a currency other than INR. > Airfare Charges include Base
Fare, Fuel Charge and CUTE Charge > PSF/UDF/ADF are collected on behalf of the
Airport Authority of India (AAI)/Other Airport Operators. In case of no-show,
you can claim the taxes on www.goindigo.in > Lite Fare Sector: Delhi -
Bengaluru > No Checked Baggage Allowance > 7 kgs Hand Baggage (one piece only)
> Refer to Conditions of Carriage for change/cancellation fee and detailed
T&Cs; > Services > Delhi - Bengaluru - - - - > Mr. Deepanshu Arora Seat 27F
LITE > Terms and Conditions > Must Read: > RESTRICTIONS ON CARRIAGE >
Passengers are requested to carry Power Banks/Portable Mobile Chargers in
their hand baggage. They are not allowed to be carried inside checked luggage.
> We recommend you check-in AT LEAST 2 Hours prior to departure for domestic
sectors and AT LEAST 3 Hours prior to departure for international sectors. >
Please complete the check-in including bag drop formalities 75min
(international sector) / 45min (domestic sector) prior to departure. Failure
to do so will result in your booking being cancelled and the fares and
surcharges retained. Report early for hassle free check-in. > Boarding gates
close 25 minutes prior to the scheduled time of departure for domestic sectors
and 45 minutes prior to the scheduled time for international sectors. Please
report at your departure gate at the indicated boarding time. Any passenger
failing to report in time, may be refused boarding privileges. > For all
international flights, we accept USD/GBP/EUR or the currency of destination
(except INR) for on-board purchases. INR up to denomination 500 is accepted on
Kathmandu flights. This is as per Indian regulations. > One Hand baggage
weighing not more than 7kgs (including the Laptop), with an additional
restriction on maximum dimension - length 55cm + width 35cm + height 25cm
respectively is allowed. In the event where a hand bag is over-sized or over-
weight, IndiGo may require transfer of Hand Baggage to the Baggage compartment
of the aircraft prior to take-off, at applicable excess baggage rates. > Free
Checked In Baggage Allowance for all pieces combined is 15Kg ( Domestic ) / 20
Kg (International). Free checked in baggage allowance for travel to and from
Doha, Dubai, Muscat, Sharjah and Singapore is up to 30kgs per adult and child.
This allowance does not apply to Infants. > For Infants valid birth
certificate is required. > General: > Check-in at www.goIndiGo.in is
available. This service is not available for international travel and
Passengers with infants or groups. > Changes/cancellations are permitted more
than two (2) hours prior to scheduled departure and (four (4) hours for
international sectors) with payment of change/cancellation fee and difference
in fare if applicable. > A security search is compulsory. > A valid photo id,
in original, is required for each person travelling. For foreign nationals,
only passport, in original, will be considered as a valid photo id. For
detailed terms and conditions, log on to www.goIndiGo.in > Check Your Flight
Timings: To know the flight status on the day of departure, contact our 24 X 7
call centre departure, contact our 24 X 7 call centre or logon to our website
or mobile app (available on iPhone, Windows, Android and Blackberry), or send
an sms to 566772 in the following format: "ST[space]flight
number[space]departure date of flight as ddmm". For example: to know the
status for 6E-333 for 11th February send "ST 333 1102" to 566772. > Indian
Nationals travelling to and from Kathmandu are required to carry either
Passport or Voterâs Id Card only as their valid photo Id, no other photo Id
will be considered as valid. > Passengers going to UAE/ Oman/ Qatar from India
on tourist/ employment visas require an 'OK TO BOARD' comment in their PNR.
Please check with your visa issuing agency. > Name changes and changes to
GSTIN are not permitted on your booking, once a PNR is generated. > Hot and
cold food and beverages as shown in the Food and Beverage Menu may be
purchased on board, subject to their availability. For flights below 60
minutes flying time hot food or beverages will not be offered. On select
flights below 30 minutes flying time only limited snacks (cookies and nuts)
and water will be offered. > LED / LCD TVs of more than 99.06 cm in size will
be charged. Refer to www.goIndiGo.in. > This booking is governed by IndiGo's
fare rules and Conditions of Carriage that are available from Airport
Counters, IndiGo Shops or www.goIndiGo.in > Flight schedules are subject to
change and approval by authorities. > IndiGo reserves the right to deny
boarding if credit card information is not supplied at check-in. > Hot Food
and Beverages shall not be served on short sector flights. > Due to airport
security regulations, no Hand Baggage is allowed on any flights from Jammu and
Srinagar airports. > Terminal Information: > International Terminal
Information: For international flights, IndiGo will operate from the following
terminals airports: New Delhi - Terminal 3, IGIA; Mumbai - International
Terminal, CSIA; Dubai - Terminal 1, Dubai International Airport; Bangkok -
Suvarnabhumi Airport; Singapore - Terminal 2, Changi Airport; Kathmandu -
Tribuvan International Airport; Muscat - Muscat International Airport. Chennai
- International Terminal, Chennai International Airport; Hyderabad -
International Terminal, RGIA; Kolkata - Terminal II, Kolkata International
Airport; Kochi - International Terminal, Kochi International Airport and
Thiruvananthapuram - International Terminal, Thiruvananthapuram. > IndiGo
flights from Delhi to Singapore departs from Terminal 1D. In case a passenger
is arriving into Delhi from a country other than India and is further booked
on a Delhi to Singapore flight,he/she must make their own necessary visa
arrangements for transit within Delhi since there will be a change of terminal
upon arrival into Delhi(i.e. from terminal 3 to terminal 1D). > Domestic
Terminal Information: > Vadodara - Effective 01 Dec 16, All IndiGo flights
from Vadodara will depart from New Integrated terminal, Vadodara Airport. Wish
you a pleasant flight. To know Flt status Download mobile app, log on to
www.goindigo.in or send ST (space) Flt no (space) date in ddmm format to
566772. For any assistance, please call 0124-6613838. > Chandigarh - New Civil
Air Terminal. > Flight Delays Reschedule or Cancellations > At any time after
a Booking has been made, we may change our schedules and/or cancel, terminate,
divert, postpone, reschedule or delay any flight where we reasonably consider
this to be justified by circumstances beyond our control, or for reasons of
safety, or for commercial reasons. Circumstances beyond IndiGo's control can
include, without limitation, weather, air traffic control, mechanical
failures, acts of terrorism, acts of nature, force majeure, strikes, riots,
wars, hostilities, disturbances, governmental regulations, orders, demands or
requirements, shortages of critical manpower, parts or materials, labour
unrest etc. If an IndiGo flight is cancelled, rescheduled or delayed for more
than two hours (depending on the length of the journey), a Customer shall have
the right to choose a refund; or a credit for future travel on IndiGo; or re-
booking onto an alternative IndiGo flight at no additional cost (subject to
availability); subject to the requirements under the local laws of the country
in which the flight has been cancelled, rescheduled or delayed. > In the
special case where a subsequent portion of an IndiGo flight is cancelled while
a Customer is already in transit, such a Customer shall have the right to
choose to remain at the transit station and to be re-booked onto an
alternative IndiGo flight to the final destination at no additional cost
subject to availability; or to remain at the transit station and accept a
partial refund for the portion of the flight not completed; or to return to
the point of origin and receive a refund; or a credit for future travel on
IndiGo; or re-booking onto an alternative IndiGo flight at no additional cost
subject to availability. We strongly recommend all Customers to provide
correct phone numbers and email address, to enable us to inform them of flight
delays or cancellations in unforeseen cases. Customers who have not provided
valid contact information at the time of Booking may not be entitled for any
compensation. Contact our call centre (0)9212783838 if you have any queries. >
>  ' b'  

  

> Begin forwarded message:

>

>  
>

>

>  **From:**reservations@goindigo.in  
>

>

>  **Subject:** **Your IndiGo Itinerary - NDLCXW**  
>

>

>  **Date:** 8 September 2017 at 3:19:20 AM IST  
>

>

>  **To:**deepanshu961@gmail.com  
>

>

>  
>

>

> PNR : NDLCXW

>

> |  
> ---  
  
' b'PNG      IHDR      +   Aú   tEXtSoftware Adobe
ImageReadyqÉe<  &iTXtXML;:com.adobe.xmp      ï '°  ZIDATxÚì]wXTÇ?¤
PÄ¨Ô>{ÅX¢"F5Æ,/Ä<DÆ(ö5v ±BTli6ÀB°óæ\YvçîÞ-ð-
ùøñÝ?{wîÜ3sÊüÎÈB [9äZÊ#¸÷ çAIÉ[à8 
ë:fÐ°^-hÑ¸>85±3\Uÿ^næòå$Ì@¢_}Ò
jWý+Ã$.9S®|zP'°©c^)ßyöZ:ùõd"Ä%eÂõô,È/|É|ÎÐ@ më« tpo~í ±µe
NÏgºÜvÿÐJëøÊß´5ä¸[ò¾öshëbW¡ß¹fÿ9B/¿ý@í:ü©MÐú´w®rc"-02D_ï_¥YY0ËkTØ;·
»Læ®;ii\×Ñ³7ø«_V$âPVAûwIPúö-A;)¯ð
ZÆéÓü"Òï¿ëIð¼(­4Æ$ãàï!òèÅ*c8KªEê ü¼;,<YO!ôoMVÌ
$zµML#ý¿X¹Ï_TX_¾Q v@ }×ÚÐ!\µU M&!KöÈU{Ï¡D, é¯t ©
#3×zWÓµ¡ec+plTÌM¨ÉQ£ÿ$¥fA2½²=WZÇCqp#-Dÿ<U=W-`:e»båËiùÿÆô"fÆþèRá¢^9LÖ
vv7Áº¨&1©õûØp8ÿ-Xç¹¤thÛç mítRÈªm°¿Qôâà½ÜçÅ÷^¼zCÚYª°îà>Þ¶o6Ì
ÛS$\üèq\'O{nõ¬Á\ÚÞo`x¯ÖM Å&W;ùºog;fyZ¦Ð¨¾ àïºO'yEÌ{¨úv}
¾äj¨¼ÂØÖ¯ÅEÎ â~ýá~dat@[?Þ«0
ÇÜ±½q@åm¯D9?l>NÎ'g0ëC'!aËLÔÅMãÁïßÉ»½;Z5³-]7ô«m°¿6ÖÍ¡dÅX>(Zß²&
ëéB¶ÍÇùdöê£õÅ­ç¦VZ|«ÚfÜ Ó_È8 ¨º²U{U èÍ ÞEÔ³Ò §,ö
Òªp¡;±b",:E&j_%úTcËÉ-$Wï<ûO ø%pôÏÜ´ï»96 EÞº¸tó ¹NÝù§ùÅðòu
ÿ>ë:æü&1U#>«ÑkÜ{ê*ó^`O¸Whfuæ*ê»èêñÏ_ñ»:fÆÐ²I}pij!®Ò 7oéLC1ÉýZ
¨ô/¸;4Ð¨SS uÎÃþÓ×àáÁç¬ën­óíßÎçë7¥Jë§¶ 
)ïú{Ã·ãzkû=±;S_Ö}5´J­Ú´/ù~Å]Eû¥¦Æ¨Éø}  WaöêM ÷ý.Øöûe¥ÏR Ö
ã/*ddùôj Ù§ wuÏz£ðØ6¼¼ZØT),ã] E¯à^v\ù½ ù²]ÇãuàDÒå
§,¾8Bm;%¸@ã¼~¿'J'.  "¥ßªùèiq %\²@ãÙsä"ò¬
¨"ÌmF/-\²¸rë><Î+z5>k` Ï,73) HJÍ"¨BX:¤C,ü§À $lË QÂ% 2
ð"SDk_øxXÄöÔÅÕGà¼UÒ½$®ô#.ß¼¯QgèëRbÊ,ÇBÚ:¿zIH%î ÿ·3
k\×gá{ tå¢Ù;dµ`@QZO#3÷ñjÈúøóçÏÖå3vÜ}ðTi»0 Iè .á4ûå¼
Ô®'\ñ«×üdÐØØÿ¦Füì}j¸.WªË¢¦1oâP-¢ð¹ð­'à-!$lR_NmÛ|ä"¹p=Sð>î± îê®9
ûzz6ìç÷ñX8y9¨Fvf!çE9ï£^ éæî ÁÎÚß¯Ca<}å. k: ïÕ×2·-3;YîB¿]]
olé3PÃP3§ ûÿÎ¬ ´oäÏW+üý¿Ö0´»¸Ú7z¦t¡xYÏ ®ÚG/ñ& ¶ëQ}Ûpj
XhÄf9n£$gìýÇ¥1 ëéEp%baú²üÆ¯,þºF¶ cÛxÈB3 Ú¹6ûÏæ ù+$°#
Æ@ãu÷ñägñ4dm¡°½gî¼º@z®ÊV ±xS"oWý²;Vp×©Ù«CC »úLÜ ,ÍòÂ:epØxøûýNf X
àëBêZr*Ù`¿»AXô}==8¹r¢BO£àTÑnÉéïÑ v0ïÑ¦$E}É.Y´nÙÛ1ÿîZ55TE ×
ûC]iY«¯W¾èøiËØá ÛÁ©I¬p±+Ôùõ!÷¿TÝÈÿõ$; Ü
oJåçãÄáG©¶²ÀLcKÇsFh|·%'_%ª±Êl¢z,ÚOgj7ªB¨Dx;5â6Î4}¨SFT°{ò,ñý}Ä{ÙÛ²Ìþ3IÌçô×¨Ãµ©"Íé(RQ»ÎGOkUÀdÍ{¡]Mß
S«þþÞ»Cæ½-¿]ÂÐme=W/H_¡«hÉ§ ¯ªdSµ0F%[òdKjÛh -Ô¥v'ÓøÏÊS»Î1m
¹]=~kF qü¶å8¿¥Ãò¬¥&1a}Ýb2Úý:uhó¼=Ê;[ uu'`¬5äTjµLP.
-Ò³äcl]>pÔ)õãØ¨ ³\ÈnÞÍ9z©ü»ð­'¼=g6uÍßÿûÚÝGÌßú·sÖ¨
ÆåÁãür±R¥*ROcèxÕZJJßRyAÕ ñÌ2 ÑsÔÚ@O ÓWRxºse úôlRP$?a[[ËÏÌbU
lëjô~Lfí ù P*&©ëSÝXú0ë5hn?½äcÌHU aÌt¨ªö¹Vi+é¥÷ån2¶Ñëö·«ª X@Î
+'½è £]u1®³3³U³±¡êájKr =ì÷l®´þÚ / ºÄí((J& 1 ¶Î ÁUMÖ,Û
YÝY<a ÛNLyô¥ WH:øýüM¦ñÿaÇVå'@özN®f+=ñE¤,J$º'`ïôº¼½ Áe¸-Wf[ÏÔIÄ@
îæI l~^ßùÙOBÑt_·¦¨¶Ê}S3695[£6`¼2¯PÞfFf è¹;ÊÇVb¯¦ºiü
ü±"ù.öÖµ5lR_f9ÞH ¨(àvÍ±s7÷úúÊ{ ÍmÏâ­&jî
ÛÛÖÑMóóiÉ´ÁÂ"O¨]çl»¨«áÑm9]±íq?ìÒú*,b¡Õ WV@Sßð¬1¹U=#GÔnã²gå<
xGH'¬G ÒDñ d1¨Ü1©©À, éæ¡q{÷¼©ý
ÏÝ¦5!Ã¸çÔU÷#ç!]©òõôdþfÔüíjµeÎÚcDU2Ò¿u9î¾ÎåE"93&¬àùL*ØÄÚZÒI+G
áñYC=½?®ÀÁ?øÛ4´ ·Df/ÏÏbahwO¢>!&òegdåBÀÌu*µ
¿EH+ø´j"G~Ð9ûrD7f¸gsàBÜPÚ!Ç/Þ&#  ÞOkí Ó¯-7#¨³àý; õ'?Áå¢]|Ó
Äux8µò°àsÞN jÞÇ ' fv};®7ó Ò»O@¸Ò¶í;uø_.x )?r^¥®
.nû¼dPè&¹{h¬w¼³ZÈPªâÚ»7ÅùÌë'yE$.96 ¹(¸¹[¶B¡¦¨ðÉ òÜY¡2
¡³ú´w&4Åf ëQwCPZJàÎ½Ç¡GÕN'É Ë¦n6³z¨6Î ÕÛùg<¹Í´í-O´#A½¼ø5Ü
@¦-# QÑWàÏ ·ëb×è$÷Så©ÁJ"ö²ÓÃ0U/Æ²ð¥ÜB (¬×« -,úa l ýi
G'Á´:!¼))åÓî=#½©Ctdñ8¾%zùgÐ0`®P\OÌÁ ©ïµÍMÆ  ù;ïÕ|êÏlÎMñËÌÜ
.nJÃ<\Ù z|H%®H`*¿*Ò&ðfU v' ¤¢ ß 1ÂEµ  -Ø>üd×wÁ
.ÙÏ+gTJÎ"ª¢Ø5SU«õºqúäÊI¦ÚátÄdh Å¸PÓuýa£
G%[»áÒûT,C~êGDæ2ëy©ôw[æ ç0ÉSÝ{GõmtÀ9eÂU*°ª­DÛÂmø:\ím4
H4pÕº±ctôh¦ñ$ñuoÊÝÚªiTH6<¶t<ü8%@i[$H,£³àæ%¤4¿ÜÎÊg:ñ¼Q):/KMljó\\!uêÁ³ð¼TÌß
/Èq*R¬©1 x@ `QThÜâ>aYbv ÜÇÃÃçÐ«Ý|ôæ7À³bQ¿ÅÍ
GW>fÎ6WC#CO¬Ø¬Úw· 3¨=eÀD ü *¢ÛÂefåî½½å =³²¼:ÜXEÒaÐ!
Rå´UÏ'eðÞÖ»ÃOÞÅ°^Ü ´³²  ×&8@*Õa

> | |

>

>  
>  
> ---|---  
  
' b'PNG      IHDR   p      "Gy|   sRGB ®Î é   gAMA  ± üa   
pHYs  Ã  ÃÇo¨d  pIDAThCmÊªä@ÃÐ¹ÿ¥ÿn GÅ¦,»ÿù{ÞC÷Á w_^çµ;ïú'ËëÊº,÷¯
w7ër·uqºzïû¾ã9î¾¼Îk
vÞõO×uYî_=înÖån7ëâuõÞ÷}ÇsÜ}y×>ì¼ë,¯+ë²Ü¿zÜÝ¬ËÝnÖÅ-
êê½ïûæ¸ûò:¯}Øy×?Y^WÖe¹õ¸»Y»Ý¬[ÔÕ{ß÷
Ìq÷åu^û°ó®²¼®¬Ërÿêqw³.w»Y·¨«÷¾ï;>ãîËë¼öaç]ÿdy]YåþÕãîf]îv³.nQWï}ßw|0ÇÝ×yíÃÎ»þÉòº².Ëý«ÇÝÍºÜíf]Ü¢®Þû¾ïø`»/¯óÚwýåue]ûW»u¹ÛÍº¸E]½÷}ßñÁ
w_^çµ;ïú'ËëÊº,÷¯ w7ër·uqºzïû¾ã9î¾¼Îk
vÞõO×uYî_=înÖån7ëâuõÞ÷}ÇsÜ}y×>ì¼ë,¯+ë²Ü¿zÜÝ¬ËÝnÖÅ-
êê½ïûæ¸ûò:¯}Øy×?Y^WÖe¹õ¸»Y»Ý¬[ÔÕ{ß÷
Ìq÷åu^û°ó®²¼®¬Ërÿêqw³.w»Y·¨«÷¾ï;>ãîËë¼öaç]ÿdy]YåþÕãîf]îv³.nQWï}ßw|0ÇÝ×yíÃÎ»þÉòº².Ëý«ÇÝÍºÜíf]Ü¢®Þû¾ïø`»/¯óÚwýåue]ûW»u¹ÛÍº¸E]½÷}ßñÁ
w_^çµ;ïú'ËëÊº,÷¯ w7ër·uqºzïû¾ã9î¾¼Îk
vÞõO×uYî_=înÖån7ëâuõÞ÷}ÇsÜ}y×>ì¼ë,¯+ë²Ü¿zÜÝ¬ËÝnÖÅ-
êê½ïûæ¸ûò:¯}Øy×?Y^WÖe¹õ¸»Y»Ý¬[ÔÕ{ß÷
Ìq÷åu^û°ó®²¼®¬Ërÿêqw³.w»Y·¨«÷¾ï;>ãîËë¼öaç]ÿdy]YåþÕãîf]îv³.nQWï}ßw|0ÇÝ×yíÃÎ»þÉòº².Ëý«ÇÝÍºÜíf]Ü¢®Þû¾ïø`»/¯óÚwýåue]ûW»u¹ÛÍº¸E]½÷÷ûýýÅ'GÄP    IEND®B`'
b'

> |  
>  
> ---  
> | | Call 09212783838|  INTERGLOBE AVIATION LTD.(INDIGO), GlobalBusiness
Park, Gurgaon, Haryana, India.  
> ---|---  
> | | **IndiGo Passenger(s)**|

>

> Your flight(s) are open for web check-in now.  
>  Certain seats may be charged.

>

> |  
>  
> ---|---|---  
  
' b'PNG      IHDR   j       Ídn¹   tEXtSoftware Adobe
ImageReadyqÉe<  "iTXtXML:com.adobe.xmp     
HÜñe  ½IDATxÚìXiHÓa×ðÃÜ¦M]¦VÚ¡H¸/]'©%äQ*iaYVJy|1¡å0dJ¦xÍ
æU©9W+üV¿ùÖµY¸Ñ´ô}/Ï=ïõ{Ïï} Ý¡¶B@á£ðQø(|Ô(|> ßº03Ãº$ø
öïärÌZû;ÆNyßl0`HË¥3Â}ñEë }»7qåµYIÑÁ3s }ò¡÷Ó6<ö gÃ¦G_·
H(?/Ätk}õùñh&5NHrÈ^ã­¯©}ðóÌüµ²¤\¯b°#Æå°Äwbím­àÕµû O2O
xxOÄð7+æ°·thüETh[í¬C.>Ô ÙÛÝq½ 3{jL cvîkquóãv¹Öò®û
øÀúVðD¦Õì¿AÜq£®NÝå°·ÊÌø½i·ËD úª~Å$p_ èh³£à°±ü
Q §%gw9ÙcÅÐÇÈP?àK°C<4Ð bÌ®vÈiíi¼Ñâ2 cy^9 ´÷sbÑÌDä¦G`XÌy«®Fì^ø
Pm|Åt! !DIôU!½ð-ôK} È~{Uìåä¼ ¿Ï;y ApÃfLø\6ëP|!¡)|´ÑBÁËN
¡Æ1ÑYuKsi ¤§«c[á8B Þõ¾&½L¡Út«P¼£ãÓ¶|
l1ùè¤.kðwÏN:'*½ÔÃ¤B¥Õ½äÚ)´SÓ*
_û$#Z723VwÆ$òqâ|ü2ÿSUÌA:&áõàXBDàªÝ¼µ- m9ÉÄíüì»BüX ake ÌÀ°Æ ÷³
­ø@þÊ-¹æomÉÖ}H¬ ûpììè­´Äà%#%3kÄÝÐ2,
p@×²âA.vÀB­qÅ§kDíJÕ/W*hûSÈt´Õ`Ã"Õz·xKàðRbÔÚF£È%F ¥
1úÃ(U¥Ð".µÏQºi¸s* ðR¡/©ÄsyÕL Oeä
0ALylè]Fb¨úÕ%j#+.nõÚsQLØNE&\¾ûÏzPïröwjµbUÕ}èh±N­×Ø? ýË
ÂGá£ðQ£ðQø(|ÿ¿}` û·ò±&I;¬    IEND®B`' b'

> | | |  
>  
> ---  
> | 1\. **Mr**   **Deepanshu**   **Arora**  
> ---  
> |  **IndiGo Flight(s)**  
> ---  
> |  Date| Departs| Check-in/Bag drop closes| From| To| Via| Flight| Dep
Terminal| Arrives  
> ---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
>  **23Sep17**|  **22:40**|  ** **21:55****|  **Delhi**|  **Bengaluru**|   |
**6E   977**|    **1**|  **01:20**  
> |  Boarding gate closes 25/45 minutes prior to the scheduled time of
departure for domestic/international sectors.  
> ---  
> |  Booking Reference| Numeric Booking ID| Status| Date of Booking *| Payment
Status  
> ---|---|---|---|---  
>  **NDLCXW**|  **270723051210**|  **CONFIRMED**|  **05Sep17  
> 16:00:44 (UTC) **| **Approved**  
>  
> * Booking Date reflects in UTC(Coordinated Universal Time), all other
timings mentioned are as per Local Time.  
>  
> | **Price Summary**|  **Contact Information**  
> ---|---  
> |  Airfare Charges| INR|

>

> 2 , 574 .00  
>  
> ---|---|---  
> CGST For Delhi| INR|

>

> 66 .00  
>  
> SGST For Delhi| INR|

>

> 66 .00  
>  
> Passenger Service Fee (PSF)| INR|

>

> 153 .00  
>  
> User Development Fee (UDF)| INR|

>

> 12 .00  
>  
> RCS Fee| INR|

>

> 50 .00  
>  
> **Total Fare**|  **INR**|

>

>  **2 , 921 . 00**  
>  
> | |  Address :ibibo Web Private Limited, 4th Floor  
> ---  
> Phone : 9953126352  
> Email : deepanshu961@gmail.com  
> |  **Note:**  
> ---  
>  
>   * Goods and Services Tax (GST) shall be levied at applicable rates on all
air transportation services provided by IndiGo, except in cases specifically
exempted under law.

>   * This is not a GST invoice. The GST invoice shall be sent to the email
address in the name of the first passenger, mentioned in this itinerary. In
case of a booking made by a GSTIN holder, the GST invoice shall be sent in the
name of the GSTIN holder to the email address mentioned while providing the
GSTIN information at the time of reservation.

>   * Additionally, passengers may download the GST invoice using their PNR
number on the IndiGo website www.goindigo.in.

>   * GST shall also be applicable on any special services requested by the
passenger at applicable rates.

>   * Tax Invoices shall be only in INR, even in cases where the payment is
made in a currency other than INR.

>   * Airfare Charges include Base Fare, Fuel Charge and CUTE Charge

>   * PSF/UDF/ADF are collected on behalf of the Airport Authority of India
(AAI)/Other Airport Operators. In case of no-show, you can claim the taxes on
www.goindigo.in

>

  
> | |  Lite Fare Sector: Delhi \- Bengaluru  
> ---  
>  
>   * No Checked Baggage Allowance

>   * 7 kgs Hand Baggage (one piece only)

>   * Refer to Conditions of Carriage for change/cancellation fee and detailed
T&Cs

>

  
> |  **Services**  
> ---  
> Delhi \- Bengaluru|  \- |  \- |  \- |  \-  
> | **Mr. Deepanshu Arora** Seat 27F  LITE  
> ---  
> |  
> ---  
> |  
> ---  
> |  
> ---  
> |  
> ---  
> | **Terms and Conditions**  
> ---  
>  **Must Read:**  
> |

>

>   *  **RESTRICTIONS ON CARRIAGE**  
>  Passengers are requested to carry **Power Banks/Portable Mobile Chargers**
in their hand baggage. They are not allowed to be carried inside checked
luggage.

>   * We recommend you check-in **AT LEAST 2 Hours** prior to departure for
domestic sectors and **AT LEAST 3 Hours** prior to departure for international
sectors.

>   * Please complete the check-in including bag drop formalities **75min**
(international sector) / **45min** (domestic sector) prior to departure.
Failure to do so will result in your booking being cancelled and the fares and
surcharges retained. Report early for hassle free check-in.

>   * **Boarding gates close 25 minutes** prior to the scheduled time of
departure for domestic sectors and **45 minutes** prior to the scheduled time
for international sectors. Please report at your departure gate at the
indicated boarding time. Any passenger failing to report in time, may be
refused boarding privileges.

>   * **For all international flights,** we accept USD/GBP/EUR or the currency
of destination (except INR) for on-board purchases. INR up to denomination 500
is accepted on Kathmandu flights. This is as per Indian regulations.

>

|

>

>   * **One Hand baggage weighing not more than 7kgs** (including the Laptop),
with an additional restriction on maximum dimension - length 55cm + width 35cm
+ height 25cm respectively is allowed. In the event where a hand bag is over-
sized or over-weight, IndiGo may require transfer of Hand Baggage to the
Baggage compartment of the aircraft prior to take-off, at applicable excess
baggage rates.

>   * **Free Checked In Baggage Allowance** for all pieces combined is 15Kg (
Domestic ) / 20 Kg (International). Free checked in baggage allowance for
travel to and from Doha, Dubai, Muscat, Sharjah and Singapore is up to 30kgs
per adult and child. This allowance does not apply to Infants.

>   * **For Infants** valid birth certificate is required.

>

  
> ---|---  
> **General:**  
>  
>   * Check-in at www.goIndiGo.in is available. This service is not available
for international travel and Passengers with infants or groups.

>   * Changes/cancellations are permitted more than two (2) hours prior to
scheduled departure and (four (4) hours for international sectors) with
payment of change/cancellation fee and difference in fare if applicable.

>   * A security search is compulsory.

>   * A valid photo id, in original, is required for each person travelling.
For foreign nationals, only passport, in original, will be considered as a
valid photo id. For detailed terms and conditions, log on to www.goIndiGo.in

>   * Check Your Flight Timings: To know the flight status on the day of
departure, contact our 24 X 7 call centre departure, contact our 24 X 7 call
centre or logon to our website or mobile app (available on iPhone, Windows,
Android and Blackberry), or send an sms to 566772 in the following format:
"ST[space]flight number[space]departure date of flight as ddmm". For example:
to know the status for 6E-333 for 11th February send "ST 333 1102" to 566772.

>   * Indian Nationals travelling to and from Kathmandu are required to carry
either Passport or Voterâs Id Card only as their valid photo Id, no other
photo Id will be considered as valid.

>   * Passengers going to UAE/ Oman/ Qatar from India on tourist/ employment
visas require an 'OK TO BOARD' comment in their PNR. Please check with your
visa issuing agency.

>   * Name changes and changes to GSTIN are not permitted on your booking,
once a PNR is generated.

>   * Hot and cold food and beverages as shown in the Food and Beverage Menu
may be purchased on board, subject to their availability. For flights below 60
minutes flying time hot food or beverages will not be offered. On select
flights below 30 minutes flying time only limited snacks (cookies and nuts)
and water will be offered.

>   * LED / LCD TVs of more than 99.06 cm in size will be charged. Refer to
www.goIndiGo.in.

>   * This booking is governed by IndiGo's fare rules and Conditions of
Carriage that are available from Airport Counters, IndiGo Shops or
www.goIndiGo.in

>   * Flight schedules are subject to change and approval by authorities.

>   * IndiGo reserves the right to deny boarding if credit card information is
not supplied at check-in.

>   * Hot Food and Beverages shall not be served on short sector flights.

>   * Due to airport security regulations, no Hand Baggage is allowed on any
flights from Jammu and Srinagar airports.

>

  
> |  **Terminal Information:**  
> ---  
>  **International Terminal Information:** For international flights, IndiGo
will operate from the following terminals airports: **New Delhi** \- Terminal
3, IGIA; **Mumbai** \- International Terminal, CSIA; **Dubai** \- Terminal 1,
Dubai International Airport; **Bangkok** \- Suvarnabhumi Airport;
**Singapore** \- Terminal 2, Changi Airport; **Kathmandu** \- Tribuvan
International Airport; **Muscat** \- Muscat International Airport. **Chennai**
\- International Terminal, Chennai International Airport; **Hyderabad** \-
International Terminal, RGIA; **Kolkata** \- Terminal II, Kolkata
International Airport; **Kochi** \- International Terminal, Kochi
International Airport and **Thiruvananthapuram** \- International Terminal,
Thiruvananthapuram.  
> IndiGo flights from Delhi to Singapore departs from Terminal 1D. In case a
passenger is arriving into Delhi from a country other than India and is
further booked on a Delhi to Singapore flight,he/she must make their own
necessary visa arrangements for transit within Delhi since there will be a
change of terminal upon arrival into Delhi(i.e. from terminal 3 to terminal
1D).  
> **Domestic Terminal Information:**  
>  **Vadodara** \- Effective 01 Dec 16, All IndiGo flights from Vadodara will
depart from New Integrated terminal, Vadodara Airport. Wish you a pleasant
flight. To know Flt status Download mobile app, log on to www.goindigo.in or
send ST (space) Flt no (space) date in ddmm format to 566772. For any
assistance, please call 0124-6613838.  
> **Chandigarh** \- New Civil Air Terminal.  
> | **Flight Delays Reschedule or Cancellations**  
> ---  
> At any time after a Booking has been made, we may change our schedules
and/or cancel, terminate, divert, postpone, reschedule or delay any flight
where we reasonably consider this to be justified by circumstances beyond our
control, or for reasons of safety, or for commercial reasons. Circumstances
beyond IndiGo's control can include, without limitation, weather, air traffic
control, mechanical failures, acts of terrorism, acts of nature, force
majeure, strikes, riots, wars, hostilities, disturbances, governmental
regulations, orders, demands or requirements, shortages of critical manpower,
parts or materials, labour unrest etc. If an IndiGo flight is cancelled,
rescheduled or delayed for more than two hours (depending on the length of the
journey), a Customer shall have the right to choose a refund; or a credit for
future travel on IndiGo; or re-booking onto an alternative IndiGo flight at no
additional cost (subject to availability); subject to the requirements under
the local laws of the country in which the flight has been cancelled,
rescheduled or delayed.  
> In the special case where a subsequent portion of an IndiGo flight is
cancelled while a Customer is already in transit, such a Customer shall have
the right to choose to remain at the transit station and to be re-booked onto
an alternative IndiGo flight to the final destination at no additional cost
subject to availability; or to remain at the transit station and accept a
partial refund for the portion of the flight not completed; or to return to
the point of origin and receive a refund; or a credit for future travel on
IndiGo; or re-booking onto an alternative IndiGo flight at no additional cost
subject to availability. We strongly recommend all Customers to provide
correct phone numbers and email address, to enable us to inform them of flight
delays or cancellations in unforeseen cases. Customers who have not provided
valid contact information at the time of Booking may not be entitled for any
compensation. Contact our call centre (0)9212783838 if you have any queries.  
  
'
b'ÿØÿá Exif  II*            ÿì Ducky       ÿá1http://ns.adobe.com/xap/1.0/ 
ÿî Adobe dÀ   ÿÛ  %%/$
$/,$##$,:22222:C======CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCC  $$3$
$3B3))3BCB>2>BCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCÿÀ  ø" ÿÄ ±                            
  !1AQaq"±ÁÑ2RS4ð¡BrTá#3sb²5ñ¢ÂCÒ$D 
    !1AQa"2R$ðq¡±#SÁÑBbr3Csáñ4¢²òÿÚ    ? íV^£¬²ÑÝM2Ü
·wæ;¬ê.´±Ãò± ]äTl¬jÝ¹¤v/yÚâ²ó À²5Èä ^e£¾»ÆæsOÿ \ ýÛ}+Ç[
]ÇyZH\ysWd^²<Ø-"ÜF àv ëx
§ÂzÅi!Cw·/JtGPY¾ið±GÚ|'¬UGk3ö¦&08@Û\!}ò>â·_ UÆ|qùUÕoW©Oàv ëx
§ÂzÅGi¬dJÜ&k,×»ÅMÙH
©Æb Y¾ið±GÚ|'¬V<{½¹zS¢:Íð;Oõ<Óá=b´=ÞÜ½(¢:Íð;Oõ<Óá=b´=ÞÜ½(¢:Íð;Oõ<Óá=b´=ÞÜ½(¢:Íð;Oõ<Óá=b´=ÞÜ½(¢:Íð;Oõ<Óá=b½ÛjÝMÙF
(Nb¯«nK´i¹)DæÎ àv ëx §ÂzÅi,«½e±?³ ¹Ý³ú§hó¥M¹H>Hq
/~ið±GÚ|'¬Us~ÑÂ2ó j±a«2èäpÊþºv¹¨ÄÎº£ Ìdì¢ fnx §ÂzÅ ið±F§¨¾Ì´0»UÛy
±1çk ç © b6ãxÌÑ<±LbØ KÀí>Ö(ð;OõÒY×W1Ió¶hTmÎõÙS öÉ" 9 x §ÂzÅ
ið±V/î]k  )µxÓo y{;. ÁH
`ÚãÖh³ÒAélT^ið±GÚ|'¬V«rëXL­ Mª¸\½9Fry©Ä!Wð;Oõ<Óá=b¥Óo y{;.
Á]Näï[·9Ê¨ç@Dfø §ÂzÅ ið±^µ Q¶0 Ï8Ó­ßu3E9}+D-ó2tÆ]Z¤Î¢Lf0Sø §ÂzÅ
ið±^,µ;û)[çÂ«UStóeEÉH :D$  ³|Óá=b´øOX­$*x÷{rô§Duàv ëx §ÂzÅi!
{½¹zQDuàv ëx §ÂzÅi! {½¹zQDuàv ëx §ÂzÅi! {½¹zQDuàv ëx §ÂzÅi!
{½¹zQDuàv ëx §ÂzÅ¢û2ÐÀjíWmä2ÄÇ®hw+äyÛã3DòÅDbØ
KÀí>Ö(ð;OõÒB£w·/JÔoÚ|'¬Qàv ë¤ »Á
¤n%¢¸©Fíé99ÀbYTð;Oõ<Óá=b½iï¼/ e¦Å §vwíLÛåPÏ¢# à,ß´øOX£Àí>Ö+I
®=ÞÜ½)Ñ Afø §ÂzÅ ið±ZHG ïn^Q Afø §ÂzÅ ið±ZHG ïn^Q Afø §ÂzÅ ið±ZHG
ïn^Q Afø §ÂzÅ ið±ZHG ïn^Q Afø §ÂzÅ ið±ZHG ïn^Q Afø §ÂzÅ
ið±ZJFënÀI©i;
°1qè!Î9ÌãÀí>Ö(ð;OõÒB«w·/JtGPY¾ið±GÚ|'¬VÇ»Û¥GPY¾ið±GÚ|'¬VÇ»Û¥GPY¾ið±GZÀò<­$'Ç»Û¥GPYíµ»¶ÆÖáß^¢¿c®g[Þ7²û§ð?úP]ZÇuAP|ã-6yÙÄµÍèúÔ%h
®o¡bh·ÒfuÉ¬±±ÿ =£í½m®Åq¦·Ýgu¶Ì±Ýîþkc=~O{ïô«Ë7FÆ;{¤y>u¤¸
Ô®Íô[-B X!Bä£ÑÞ1¹
ê7Õ£6µ4F)ÿ T¶Ò¶û9cs»¥ÓzÜºµeÓ2?Èx.ÿ 5zÀ¹h]¹ÉËBËÉ¥IlV-¥·s ©
®n¯[Ö/ßnqàçbO"£nË­:b öoÊ {UíVÅ×ml± éÀÓÚÒyR½(ÊÃn6CSÿ ¢T½ZU8
ì}Í$"¾öÅ6#ä0JsmÊîe SvlÉ%­^+oÜ­é°Ë\òÄÆSeGD_#w }1ÿ Í8ùyÑ ãONk>îy éln
 Ñ\1W'Ò¥È^&qx;ÇzÏ½ÍßÏgïæn^|(´&Ô®K
bJâGeÁtGàR7ONÍz<Ê"OÑ¯ä¤9·ª÷³ÞÜwx]µ-Ãi*Ö§¾Þ²Ê(â("­qa=­Çxf.
åÝEP<¿y»E/OÃ~­^Ï"¥¿D]öëe4ºL±°¾)^yþõ&¨>æ±K¨<9u+XY
."Ç¹K¤éÎµ¬{î§ «¸Ow{§ÿ  ©«ÿ :<µ&:ãí¥eC%Ä·&&<âá·`Z¬Ò^ÐáÛ;cö*m+/s¹
«ñ-4ÞºsÜÄ­Î0²b#H%Í
&Z;×#¦ÛrPº¸Ù±¬&´ W5jÙôùËnv¸ÒÄòö5ÎI Éi)JQ
ÚmÖlý©Ø ¼¼]¼²¹»C\G`è,k¦sÐÜF@p ì+}
Å½­°ÎßW|âm^åêú¤éØÀjót*Z@Çgkµ­7¬·j·N[ãCè¢4Ë
Ä¼äùk´*¾ë+P®ÜõD¯ÐS¬Hÿ Bù½ 3½Jk}>KXé%pè­nÀ7/:äJævms¨
rV¥£K`BÚ"¾wÍ¾RÇ ê$bTD^ä%¤ÝJÛÁÎ.iÌ1âÖ¦kFÂ iYz
æ86¯Ä´ÓaOY·KÌc2CI[G¾F[¬m¹ÉÕxðúV³ô®ço¥C¡-NÀóè Æ­¤¶sX F WzE
ÌÍ¥µqÁÂP.td;¢N/BÎYõIòg,`© Ü=ªmFÊKh ls åmî4ÉûF0½7RòkèYk&»O
ImÃ³þÝUöeSÖ§Ð>ßúÖY$O´´ç88SpZkÎykZ-õÊÔô·\¸K£éB «Þ5+qG70
¿ê¤Ô¬n;^ÞH­r°¦ÝZä :]å uFÝrµlG~#ìÉ¡³ª,$sÙ¥xµÔ P&­~o¥=cP7ö ¸tÎ
eÅôý´­ÈÒA5Ø¬jút¿·fÃ¤Þee<´yuÕÆ/Tc-RÌÀ¶¿JÐFÖfm×÷ ¯½ UÍ
ù÷!ÑË*"¬n*Ì¢Ð 6B¿§E#_,laÝ´u9ièUóàÌ]'Ü$ÅÇ Pë rÓ¡¨A=ûx^ã
vM?¢×. 9*KÓu sc¯âyJ}6{¶[z»c^n E£
/wMèÕVòÍBNæ£JÕ.íhöµÄÓÒ'ªz ¯´Îâii¯t=÷¶ÎkXò hàF>Å`ùô÷¹¯Î¦ÁÁcµ;
Å©1½P-±²E¥ }6»+ã{28ÃE¬Ìî·nB3 s,=IWE² 4b|«Rê e³ÇïemFÏ"wag¶ej5
c¥&©v,îÁ ssÒÿ «öæPÚ]¾+¦²9 ã. Çx< Ib{¸-ÝÏ}p9}¡xt í³>'®è<pg¹ná4î½
úÕZ×µOüÞÞ¥±eôñþFú^¹¹\ê\ ©hÒØ#P6£È¹ä'`>
:Jº#âIN°îa{¥&âá­gÂ×cæõ­§Z@ÀÓÌÁ íf&â'¾^.F/Ä GÍVIÝ9
ÅÄÂÝàÛLçqÛö+rêC%yÚæyÖN¡ ÷9^ÈK0  | -G±Î°Èsva¹iG"×ÌËÏ
Ä÷Äô®¾42ÊÒmä¸k^XÌ3eÚW»ØfÓ\×Ç#O _iÂêÌ9â'9§7aç
Ý¾çRsXØZ8ûVJG&û]]Zt»¨ (Ó^ÕË»§MaÛ7¢M6sÐ¯ZÜø \I9ÎÓ]Á{ÁÝË»Ç
SZ§ÜMdÓ¡{ªk+.ò÷mÙgâ<F Ó£5kÎ&Z;Õ¦YZâ+KWX`ÍÑÄn &ö §¾2+L
å`ª&½ å¬Úº0ß¹Û*×Ý|Ãæ ø ×Ì>`ª¦v³ò¡î =ÞÙV|Bëæ 0O¿Ý|Ãæ
²hîÖ~T=Ðñw¶Uÿ uó'ß®¾aó]4wk?* èK¼]í?~ºùÌßn¾aóhîÖ~T=Ðx»Û*~ûuó#¾]|Ãæ
ÑÝ¬ü¨{¡.ñw¶TÝòëæ0G|ºù§Ì)§Ý¬ü¨{¡.ów¶T½îëæ0G{ºù§ÌhGv³ò¡îw½²¥ïw_4ù;Õ×Í>`£B;µt%ÞovÊ½]|ÓæïW_4ùðwk?*
èGy½Û+ßzºù§ÌÞ®¾ióáîÖ~T=Ðó{¶W¾õuóO#½]|Óæ ÂÝ¬ü¨{¡
æ÷l¯}îëæ0G{ºù§ÌhGv³ò¡îwÝ²½÷»¯|Á îëæ0Q¡
ÚÏÊºï7{eIß.¾ió»å×Ì>`£I.ígåCÝï7{eKßn¾aówÛ¯|ÁD;µt'Þ.öÊ¾Ý|Ãæï×_0ù
$wk?* èO¼]í7~ºùÌßî¾aó HîÖ~T=Ðx»Û*~ÿ uó%â_0ù$wk?* èO¼]ícÄ.¾aó¼Fëæ
0UÒGv³ò¡îø÷;eYñ¯|Á/ºùÌdÝ¬ü¨{¡>=ÎÙV¼Jëæ 0KÄî¾aóU$wk?* èG
çl«~'uó#Äî¾aóQ$»µt) ×;E\ñ;¯|Á )uó*hGv³ò¡î 1v}¢´"ÖnXzDtfÙÖ<µÁµB éÍ-
Ú¼­ 
b$Xà)BJÐºÏ¡úýK]]ßÐ?ý~¥Ê/ûgùG°®¾Êºé¿Sý+Ifè¿MúéZJÿ «?ÄT¡ÕB¨SB!B!B!B!B!B!B!B!B!B!eë¿àoç
¹åÐë¿àoç ¹åë?ªÿ óÇçS¡4ÒMuVÓ¡¸à6ïY®_£ÇBÑnÅx¾S 4#g:G©\ÒI.s]  
2^±EJ($*ÔñEP¶s& ¡Ë]2ÜBæóVD~$zBi¡ jç&I¡$&ÓIB©-Ã{8vïw
Î0IYjÔïHBØrTÓ\2,.øFÕ\¾i¿à8 «KOXÔ´.$çî¦ÓìT¯¾¹`©±Ò
ùX'zsHÐºöù{6.Qvì[@ Z½ o­Ás¿SÊAªðcÓá~c+r
¬üUáï2ç»ÔI%Ä´¸Ñ¡G&4r621ºAÀùVraÏÎ´Båè¼¢X
Daæ]gXûµ2En3³ZvGZóÜ7®yöÕÑ²ZÊÀIPm ªÖÖo¸p-k[µÏ42±#.¡Å¶â7$j×ëß¤ZÎ?³XßøHuGÛe\ÄH ¼7h¦!cÜéïÊ
Zv [VÊd'-ÏY}ÁYÜ©U¦Q¿)Ðz¤'ÃeÀ`ïíR«WñCyaàvxò
É»9¼Zíó 'µëX®rgÇ²æÞ¦*ÂKÒKRÀ¼¤½$ÒI4I&TÑFRGB²2"#JÚâWºSb^EÇÌÍR]¨@@STðF(ÅPSF(ä)ty8RéQB«=¹MQµµÚ®µtÛ;5*®ÛÝjªJY¶æQ®'PvÁ`i,ø¤!M0º¿
úýK]]ßÐ?ý~¥Ê/ûgùG°®ÎÊºé¿Sý*ÝÜÆ_(-ÑTÑ~õ?Ò¦Ôþ_ÊUwß=¿¥8õ:3Núåm¥Uý/YÎ1¹¹^G°4ËÉísö
Î]JàM<ÊÖaaE±£FÞäÀ £ÍË¤[·j×q¬7¡MÌ¥H-õ¦ê¾a4ÊæûÃÖ³Ý¯M4
¶gIçÁhÙÁdîíG,i×vrZ»0ãÆ¡¡fS ÙD
¶ZÚfµÞäìdnWî¦ÃEçQ×[lóMÎáï°r*ZV¢ ÀxÛÄôÃ vnUWFKàdÄôiåà'9Ê°Òùçõ(ÖH 
IÍ^ù#ÚêOþ;|Åt,{dh{MZEAX_ÉÞÎ7~,ÔòQ]ÐM+ÿ *yÊÏz¨ßirÄ)Ä#R»6pZ
*JÔ
}æÐÓã_ú7s·Ò¹ý=÷ÍaîË\hÇÊ¥jÄnX2ÀJ®±èJS"{Ëu§ºóºäÎYU¶¸«ó~Ã/¿¥Ï½X¾½uÕÙI
pµÅ¸Ww7eÎTF0À¼iFæuàºÕu÷ÞëeÍ6õmxlîaÉ ×aäâÿ -úÔcÊW¼(2Í8®­
ÖeÀFâBáU Û.4¹ÚþÐ¸qÇ*¸òï¦
!HÜgÃ%¯¬>Öä@Ö\O*óP¸qq0Ó¥C½cjî¾cÂ#*MbW¶ù­ t0]<=ÐæRÞó®¥
ÖfÀFâB¸UW¹uÐÍ!sðujqçUG¨DÖ QpÆÑì¹}júGÜ÷`òÈÛ@â9wn £®EÍu¤¦Fí Ôy
Päå(øÈ8 ô Ý ùf
«ZÜÝßm\¹qéSjØ®lmk½àÐ=i@F1@u+rÌ³õßð7óA\òè5ßð7óA\úôÿ ÕÏùäó¿©Ði&º«
õ)PÅµJ}+|4ö®­ðØ é¬/4¥-ëjÂÕ°52´åþ rÅÊ8"N¥á4Êã÷ûWiÇ`#¡
¯-ùtf4¹ÅÀ ¸ÿ Eë6?ü/$pË^c³ÐCªÞÒÓC´ mWòÿ ©? ^ZW¤ÒMu ¡
¤i(î%ì]û:D ¢12"#2¡¸¸ö1íüGØðèÐÐ`á?ÎÞ«Á§EkktIqÜ¥9Ï EÌêõ
Ý)Áµè·æJfR®C²l[-6¥¼ÿ cûQ¨jsj¬®èu»¿ OfæÜæzÑ£ú¬%y¡Ö®¶¤ dz
ÏpH³+ @ÍMhÞójûfÚgf`¥t¦Æ% ¬~| Öà³£¶sö«-µhÚ¢b
l­ìzW¹;sçÎ_¥±å"ñ<Þeý=ÄÒXEÜBñØ3ðëV`C?¥K0]B´øatÒ=Ä¾(Úù^
#¼Ib7GB 6î*(æ¸QÍvÂîÒ>Æ&ÙZ¸ jyR¤¾1U[ Óõ)ì '¼ÝÅuö÷ë0äv5Ã
yÝöÞ¸5wMÔ a;fn x %Q.%Ò ZÝØÉúJ°­Ëa ü!öÕ#31¨'U%íYSï Î¶r÷
O¬2Ú²sí¿Çéì"I¤µ, $HRI Ú
ªáíÉhåË\ôÔÐm<ÆXþ@÷´F0;+ÈreS¯Sè-l-'HÖ .5ô©Û¦Û7c.d
Á9"tFO.ÕÓ>[{<  Ìo±T¸-A®#WåËå¨õ*°iç@OaH! )6v J K>Ð¢]>\n>µÎ¾wÛRHB
\WQwôÿ _©r«»úÿ ¯Ô¹Eãlÿ (öÛÓùWQ¢ý7ê¥Y¿ÒÛÈÆ
¸´mé¿Sý+ISxÓzR%ô©G2ÃÐlgµ20m1 ¼Ù 
¡BíÃrfrÌêN1¤2åæÒ.ìæí,ñ¨EG!®Ô¤Þ_J
vh7JÓu(Z;åÆÊ53TØ¨pF¥GPÓwbÞo¹ÉEËMRÝÁÈxúw.± »|Ä )a(æÒNP¾KJÑ
yÞ¥U¬5 :B`Â¢>EÔ¡HsSy4³$pÆ .wNÒ® qÞ®° æ¦'É±y¿Ñ§sqi¼æ 4 ®ïw+¯
 fõ®QÚv¡~ñÞ0{©.ÞÛÆØ±¢T(]¿+DN0ÇJÏÖ-ä¸¶tq
Î$aåPèVÚÄöÌÜ¤º£Ãk!D]¶láI."ª6Í6äj ¹göûBìÕ<éÞéSÅuÞmÚ$i9²m;p+£B·½MÁaÕ¥µ
úV¥½ä³f0kLû·¨Îqâ=¾Oíç®j¡B]æNHCÆEr:à.¾£p$2Y4ëûéy
ØRE±u¤Es8Îpp¦Áh«5L -e±$eæQá¹/çu-6ynÛ$L« `­FäõM>â{Á,l«\j7.
¨óSà7E*FØ/µsÚq5è6U&5­i÷7 &fhh;¨âWBGLp0A¶ íX¶,p p.iâ9×
¾A(âfþ©]  ÌDH`ÀP Ö&±mw#ÙÝse+²úÂ×8FÐïx4WD*¥pÊ1
Ý*B,IÖ²µßð7óA\úè5ßð7óA\úôÿ ÕÏùäó¿©Ði&º« ôÓCU?*®º Ýív5u5.j\è+g+<íô
[K²ïÎÿ q¿yà·¤æ¦Áº¥x³A X9üêÀ9\ ¶ a[ll&S; ¦1LÁ7º$pU Ómà¾}ó^ò_gCLÇ
ý¶UZ#05ß_½92AÐcl¸¯,|SÞÉ »Ò¤L¤8ð ÓíÈ¨éÚ\qÑ=ït¸ ÃÝ`òz6À
wUu;K#_ÅØ;Ú²§·u³Ìo¥yX¹K¹ò¹çyÃhåFù;^p Ú¢M$×IrSM$ÓI5Mç¶ÍÜ¥['($îVtXÄvæãñ½ÎÇ
Õ$Ä[ ioäLa9s-èÖt*?Ê¯`ÚßÜw1ÄË+7×âwÈw9e[b !]··§IÊhóº«D
*äYk³n­éd±4!V·!B«qo\B¶`²®p sXû¬\ÇÕUÕËC+¦þ-v{NîïÎß&$áÕàÔP?hàV ¤æ 
ÜBì5 ­{oÆÂÒ Ä ¶ @DÇÙQÜ"vLq»£Q$5ÙpÞ* Õ\4M$&ÚÜÜÈ#ßÌ¢^áÂñ#v´ÕB`È
ÙYl(­ 9Öó9òâ:'wùÛÍFÚÆhíçÍAZwqÇ«F¡Euá#>õéòUçnÀ=I4e 
¢rgØ-µW: ¨½yÍÛ Å +5)^ ñ§-Tâ0 ]NºO2òè  ìÄÞÞÏ\\} JðO´Þwâ¥&ÐAÒ±µ
ÃÛ³a=.~>_JÊ Ó1¥w.ªé¢X Þ-+t [¾3¼´½ h¤jT¤vcUá4f1#BäJFDÈéBI¤SN9®¢ïè
þ¿RåWwôÿ _©rÆþÙþQì+»§ò®£EúoÔÿ JÒYº/Ó~§úTÚË­m+=áò*®ÄÊô¢32oZKD
â#VÏ¼t§;súyUí;SKIkÒ!VÃú)Ï`L%U&hesXmK Bã ½E-
Ä³#1 ¿mKLÔee²IWv~áw.äçÊÙTA lÐ.>at(\l1Ö>{òº´fc´û9þÉâöl£le§7ª7yqluÞCØSßBÓBã­Zu
ë²**~Ø{A»ÂFbðÖæmxðò©O0NbÕ>Ô Ç9fº4.Z-.îñÏ}Ót«±õìRhs9ï¹iss
zRå¥õù@ ÎºT.^]6wv^ËVã?mÊÏñËdkÚòKJ»)rà@ÜÄ©Ïü )âÄ3­ô."2ë©
ã0W7IÇy[Ú5£¢.Ê%iI*Wyan$ã©¾£:Ke aXºs ËX*G m"æ[k³g#ªÚ¹¸ñ 9Ñ.TÆ'{~"£ t
rÀé]2/&vÀ^é1='{z SO81ìÙïTyÝ£D§ ìEeÀ§5Ö!ròh·lî¡£Òw±G¡Å4ó3 ÍõIÇ
Ú4JqºÄV\ s]b Z!B!B,­wü üãÐW<º wéÛùÇ ®yzÏê¿çüÅqùßÔèM4]U 5§¤^i
_î?o!Ü³QDâbt§HHh]È¹H9AS®WMÔ
£èìcw¼=k¨FÈÐö´ì!rîÚ6å÷t.¥¢ä~öé»sC¶ùÕ}=ñ»8 ýØ*UÊó[Q5RÞÉÍràNæ3Ý
Õbi Þhm $pTµ+ÓlY Ø}ËR\Ü:æC#·ì ulÛáÇï ×ýÓr_td½&¼«öl99[Äïò+e8À<*a
LÓ åSMkÃ¤²7ÙÕhÄn¯?ÛÊ¢¿¹³± £óèU âR«YÔ­<¹L®HGPÖ±î'
ErØº->BìKü©CäåToÂï'¥ij4î iëûê©æÜÈºÕÊÈFÄÅ/\ã 6Ã¡YVµ¡hÚ6ªÊzT"y#Û
æ´ùhº§|W6ÏmÚrÂ0 ôvùUD9[íÊD¡×*´ll! .&ycc-;
×ÞRË¥Å4¯tÂØótCä¡§È¬iâ(lî?÷#kØfvã´  §)á» ·ÛÏÝi){ãi{æe9Gº+ZÜ
-ìè¦<æ¨ÞÞJªægi¶PºÞlî|Æ4 &É m: b¡m]Êé­"¿8NÙ
ð)U÷ä«6:Jö¸à_ÌwT3q´lé\uÓjÚ¬å©rKIÄ¬K%ñ¾
Ù¼º]:2ÌZZ;C¾£äåâ¸ÅÛèÿ @3lìä¯ßë¢8#b¦¢å¹SVózVu¡ÍJ
/ð/¥nX_ÆÆv3ãí]9FÜeÕuÈ¢2»(ÊTâX¬Üd3¾°¸Ò®¦#­æø3FÞ!F<Ä$ÁØjrå®DÎ¥i-
:ÜÓo];×í m)Àê´W+ ÎâFm ªµ¹eËÙå /µAª#t®Ç+~¸Ó.°õ¯Mn`¤êª]ÚÉ!A!ãÊÓÎ=jZ^¿
§£xFÐ,«ZÐx¯:JÆ æYY Kä 4o(C²­w?w Ò  år²ÐB·©jñÔFßtzÊ¤ü  l-oÖ%b¹xL\n¨
4It=$i)Ç5Ô]ýÿ ×ê\¢êîþÿ ëõ.QxÏÛ?Ê=
w´þUÔh¿MúéV¯cH^ÙF'«¢ý7ê¥h=¥®i!Sxµé RúT£Õ eÊ²ÍÌS À06¥ÁµÄî
^uãLK{kÙ´´yO©j;øÝ¹uC VpÅ`Öô¡ VÉó0¥ºõN öªÅ²ú/ea
Í¬³Èê=§¸ó¯VrI5ðík\<õ> ¦ïãväÔ9àpÃØ´­,b´ggÀí®5EÎj
H&F;¡(:¬¶|ØzW9¤Ù[ÜÁ+æ÷³eÚ¤Ðn$)ÈÄ5¹Àÿ *ü¿ÇmÞâæ4
ÃbÐ´²Ò>Î1ÚNÓÎÞb±2¬ÓöY8À46kÓ,ãÔ_+î CK »OXþ;pæJøv²
ÕæÞ¯KürÝî.isk¸lV`Òa·ñ²µxÊçþ*'s·(È9"LÑnªQ4ëXºªë×÷x\À¸WðZzc-,ãvI÷Ó3Ëq4
 ÿ æ­þ7ýÞÅfËFÎNÑq4"¦ÿ " ËM¾ ¹ëyÊqÊGZk
°9ßÛépÛÎ³4+1òBâL!®qä¦ð´fþ;o#\ÊîÛ-:&Æ*O¼çm)¶£nPÊ'ìô§L8mÖ²¬¬4ÛþÌ¹ô
Ò£b­üx¸\½5ai¯´fþ;n÷4¹Ü6+ÖZ|VM-bv¸í)Îü(ëfû) ËÐ\ »s
hr¹¸ñ"Ôöú©s1ÜkÈZ÷$Oí1kÜ»ÔÖ:\651Ô¸à\å)sÈÀõÎ4Ó© T?ÜDØ[øÍ]Ì?ªÐÒí
µ³¼Îç+ÅöóÃäsm=þÅw#Á ¨æï%0 FG¡aÿ #¹,°·ñ»U¡¥Û
kf3yÎWí&+çÈç(Ú{ýÈðaj9»É BhBeb!B!B²µß§oç
¹åÐë¿NßÎ=sËÖUÿ ?æ+Î~§Bi¤ê¬)¦hQMX¶»ØÖ7SÜ« bRodjqG[C-èuá²VyZ}_ÕjEy
­Î× rà¸£7 º-2ZiÏyÜ è\ÛÑ¶:®¥¸ß ªzÔ×Ül4gÒCÈiÕ¡ÿ Ò
ÿ éHýuòg,Z^6óðU#ÿ Ä¿óûáÎ®Ã7ÛgGÿ çö+cH&4Üó¨ÌâUû»[ØÀé#Ö
;ò©ïunë?c5[VÓi'`Yú·þ>ßôVfhv¯ w2¿sB"©ýCèe'9
m;U}ÄÎfdx^ouwÅ1Þ>ÑÍ~ßRØjãòz+G]Í°ivc79å@µk¤@$àå ¶­í>ù·±v
ÑÍàUµÎÛ[_[C3Ø îinZ ç7{I}ã³÷Êþ  q®Ï"ÏvÌEs£H9>:>µ8Èà.¤Õ
ÁGmï<å'çÜ³¿ÅØÏ`øÁ 6cöåVîfÖÉäò4¸qÃú)ÝU1¼%&ÙË¨>[aý
Úp[ëÞ1c©wxkÙÈÚí¦úúÃÌõ¢GVÚÛj¶ :,ªÄ!B!YZïÓ·óA\êèµß§oç
¹Õë?ªÿ óÉæúý ¦Ua+ÒkÊhQVìnÍ¤¢AØáÈºÆº;ê(æ8.-/phÚMKa§r ö:lÝ_G­bæc
$í%³±ÏøYZ>êH:Ýr©m VÆ?¢ëôë®b6²Ð<C_¾»½µßñwW=¹ìÉØ h< bgÕ©t%¹::Ñû2
iT^KOíE®ü¬ÙçY¬·EÛÌ\òCÍ¸s¯rÅwg {cI§­G Ä/°Üt -,¦ý£M2>
mQ>N½Çcæ,«2v·o7:o²HÒàÇ»!<ëÍ½äPÝ ZÒØéJ
»(ªI4½ÅÇÕ0$Nx2OZ39ÏÖlTµb)¾»v!»½3å Óßo"!úäeµ4ËÚeéSó-;OâÏa­Î?ñf?zq¶ø£+¢.AYvöwÄµc  tÜÖáÎyWS
0èðçwD7_yîûy:ÑÙB-£ Üq í qå>u»îÖl]¹¼p$ÑkR¢ì
!·e¼r·¯Î¼Ns»i6tpVItaÓÉ»vW¦nL¹)$Jj´/+ÒI&ò½$ %å"½/$ÐT¡0©CD&¦©,v¶9­
'Oï²ô¿ÆÜ]ì]dÅk ]F´l Å ü~ê6µÐ8åq9ãÈ´/tæL\ò\\]N'¢<¥f´ËE[À<åË®¥2
àeííÊâÝ´4Áy]h ÉqÉ$,×&h^R+ÒòP§ Âéîþÿ ëõ.Quw@ÿ õú(¼gíå
Â»ú*ê4_¦ýOô­%¢ý7ê¥i*/þ¬ÿ RT*zo¢ÈM
1k¸Ýîg5V6ÿ È2éP¾bvãLrÑ³Ì KªéÏ» C¹âáJr¯Z­­`Ùe¢
Þio²íÒ/µfÉa#¯ÙtÈÖÐû'/¡ÓÞËÙn Zc{rÓ~ïbÓB8Òfû´ô"ëuÏ7E¹c
$¥»H®4û}·)¤L,]kVç.ÍZnä[hV fál°
å¤(ðÂÈ¾Òå¸µFZÖ6î±y¾mÕF@Ü´ß½h!C6o?þ³N³ü]Td
ËMûk½2åºâÍá¥þð?b¶~`¥¶ À j¡¥Ø(ÈqÌ÷ Î*ú«äe,Ê !fØXIm<Ò¼Ù
VÓnÒqÁi!FRÍ>:&¡¥NùÍÅ«²¹Ã+ñ¢³o¥6+G[8Ô¾¹ËýüÌcêýzhëD¹{Ë 
_Õ4×ÝË ²ÊÍ i¡Hó ðÃÑ~PF¦M ÆæéÙ¤"zÒc|rN×»5 1­G ZÕQC
ilbãÎRã!*¾Ó±"ÌÊT! :!B,­wéÛùÇ
®utZïÓ·óA\êõÕÏùås}~Ðkª°Ó^SBô¤< f4áU D»mMSÊ½!C¡t ë ' <ée
Xö(ÔìS Ë?1)J;Ä:5å5%Ï^^SBKÒkÊhI4ÒM &HMExKï xïPæày ¶¦å\ë
u­69«¶Ã ZìÖ
xÿ öCýýè¢ðn¬%vSK×3}ÞÕ àqQXµ¡Q.^YF~¦ß9h)ÙÄê%^ðí>¿µN9½[~ån4èÝ1­hÙ%O8áÃz§Ü
ø~ò½¶ÖìhK»Ü?j#Ìy«NoÚ^ yú½´á¬¯ü-kH
Z¬ÁÞ¥$Ã±48h Ü ¢jÁËD©R9ÙÂ&YÉQEnÈ}Ñòv©PÒ Ädd^EÊBI$I
¤$hI4¤wPeSªrI «¥£¢ÄA Â t¦æ µP¯Q H*®S¤Kbç¤i!4½$P§
Âé®þÿ ëõ.Quw@ÿ õú(¼gíå
Â»ú*ê4_¦ýOô­%¢ý7ê¥i*/þ¬ÿ RT,_RÉÌl-kë´è*züñ½¢æ0ÖàéRkr6;g»µÕ'8*úÖ£ã
'f­hy©ÛjÜe`Ûq j¬ÕR[Ùh]:õÕÁ6¦Ê3»Èuq
É³»9c¿ªÉÝåMn2ª-­YXvõ«1j>ò[bV73v×w/*Kºæ"ùÛÁÔ¥ÂÏ¶4Õ.øÿ ïMÔdîR\Ls8ÓÌ(<êÙÚîDeIúÒÇ
«m êf1z Vîøx}êö£};Vöý
eÆ»[Éé¯2¬òÒDJ'7:7N°Ù-¤,]:ââgtìÆå´©¹lÀ±ÇH#J.²õ}S¸´èd;râé¶ðß°
Ós¾mã7;4ÌÞÐ×ÝK6.hû×Á¶x15HÔuä«¨ï>-nI%k'fVÉî8W×µYÔõGZ¹°ÂÜò»mÃÈ©ë-É±{¶tõWð·ÿ ö©QlµÑ
Údiü%r7_HÅ^Ó5
üÃej¾°ôÑQ¸hØqûÿ ªÜYoÄF{¸Î$P!P¦!B!B!B!BÊ×~¿z
çWE®ý;8ôÎ¯YýWüãñËæºýM$.¢ÄBi¤Ô¤ª+y¤nf1ÎhÀ¨ÄfU¶ ]×÷/5Ý°¯N4
N!Ng©/qïDPK?øçshMpJ¸À¢èÝR¦¼ÅéIa!zMyRCæpdc3àyMO-Ä-Ï$n
ãE$#4Ó^SMEzMy^ãÒ¸1®;ÈBµá_-Ê[ÈÆ Òp! r(0Ìá ÜpI+\æ4Ü\x/ º&
ê(Ý+*ã°4773ØàÑ´ÑC®¦±Î´'4$&X;àÜä §
¯(C!$ÒBhINû9£pcCî*9b|N,x£ÐRprR¤Â$ÒBI4IÏkv5Áä q8$ãZ:WgLæ ôFÕÌÞätï-I<®¶·;²¶v4år«-T¤VþjM@.Fdo·Å
6u¬D#¹4 ú½JÆ>Gº3±Â¸b®´æcÜ) 7úÀDA ó¨ÿ ´äDùq¬¥YÇÖçab3I$ÒBi$SH¡J9
Ó]ýÿ ×ê\¢êîþÿ ëõ.QxÏÛ?Ê= z ?u/Ó~§úVÍÑp·#x{ÇÞ´
ÇêÏñ(uBÀÖãl6Ìv-s¨G!pZPiv¶î0 6Iô¯W6ÜÉ
¯$:3VÓfÚã¶¥+§FD05âIXíWs¤4hÊO0ö"g¶ãU³5ÈÞ
+Jÿ MøÒ¡ÃcÔ¬4È¬A,©qÚâ­ãB±âQChó¨Ò]´;¬ëüÇä?üU[Fé3ñ×Í­Öiñ²wÜìÏHÂ¹9³°Ò#
*æ¸sr&y;büæÛëT­u(mì!5-¹AÆ»?ª¡¨ñy ó#
¼mûyUáüvØI®-­rWz÷OõaÝ-ÚmBuA÷Î§úLc¡e[XÅ àiÏ ôHâÓ¿Ê½éúí'lÅà× 8ë
*\Ê 39_UÜæ$æ0ÄÅ cõfÒ/ò_¦oç
õrzó3Yðºµ~úÅÌÈH æèý4²HÌOi*0¼"-k>¤Ì^­¡súì¹e´qK8nØÎs`Õó<Ð=¸ÍORµg¢Ak'j
q îmÊký2+à3Ô9»
Ük``)'ñb£L³Ò¨iN_\JÜ[²¾_è·Uk+(ì£ìãç$í*ÊËzbsxõCÐ¬a*T!B!B!B!YZïÓÎ=s«¢×~~qè+^¯ú¿ùÇâ+Ìõú!uV2E7
ò6]ÈÊA¢$"\¥U,7ÂkyóÚ;3½QÁÔ­ãÇj÷4²Nüòâî4¦ÅBkDaLiY§:¥R²íFç 9k@ èú5
4Ø½f6.{,·[m }ñ­ n V¥Ê "k-ØöºµãsÝênMÝ?{ ¼ëÐ¼7 {²ì¦bn]¯&@½ÎûU­
RñóÔ­ù\ÙÚ34zRbßÓäcÑ¸9
áJûÉä_#;s¶e*FÝáÒF¡o³OÏÂ0XXKøVE¡hv60ì¯pÊ?+·°µî l £º2K
à]ïPíQ6¤F'ÉÔ èâ-¯-L·/\Ù,¢èQ®ËÒø6)æ#
ÍÚòó®w¼Ë²Ìr|5ÁêbÎÏ;²|5Á>Ò$¹à5.ÖÍt1L$»Î\0G+Ø65ÎÈSïST
î«EÁDçI©;J bq.¡räf]æ)fd/Áí¤<Ç ·±QÞ7Ü\Jæv`nV~¹÷\Êç¹î. \BBê`ó
{³®®*¡d¥¡].b2Î:~ Ð:ÎØ½¬, |ÑÂà>íþeéºe³²0";^^q\ã®%sûBâ^?qGy
î«ýìvó§Âi.4; _íy¸{_#Á¤£V:;T«ÉWHZ9ªb@RÉR
ï@¨5UÌ©QeáObßÞ!µ{ñ;ÇFb/%®9?yQ41Ú½P!]n9íÑ<Jp^Ohòøp4ËZUCsw=Ñ¬Î.¦Êîò/d!Bv¤K*Ûw£ª¯l¨<j)¨ÆÜÁ|¯@3I$ÒZD;HìBs
¦»úÿ ¯Ô¹EÕ^X;ý~¥Ívà¼gíå Â½Êºkf÷kËS½Ý³9ìWÒ×,¤v[ËqY¡ÚßÇ±Cks
ÔbHÍAû¹¹Û&3â¬½©Zt :
ÏW!B!B!B!B!B!B!B!B!B!B²õÑ[qÈáè+]Ý¸¸Ññs®BF:78P^úÚ6þÔK¶Â¹üÌMUh)!]&«!4ÒBjzMyM
)­s¡É&µÁÍ 6 VBÞ°×mkÙ<#svgv?o2®u¸§wÓfi> {òÜø×ðìQË¡:ùX
jÖØ£µÔ¢ÊKw½Ù¹7oò-õÛxÛÃ-;7å"¼û~Ûg2Ö¬ÙÏR¦mZtøäÊÀ\êgü^ñ©µm.[v:2jq}i³UQö
µ lèûÄúÔ¡oyohá+Ãº¾n3j¢Ò%¤w1M
¸»uAQË¢t,åÌ6(ôÍB;X¦cÁ¬§1ö¯SjQ¾ÖZxÜ k³
×QlÔ£¹@|ÇÖ´nthÄlkZF,¯HíÇË±Es¢¶K£.kF\Ùvå¥<ûW½RÚYâ¹`vv{¸ýø«ö0]^ºXsUÌéæä-8ä­kr4ëzEÎø"íÚð
rWu¹cf!Ì tÃsSºÔmÙí kºN«³sãè^&½´
»4±ÎfMN;ø)¼ÈÇJ¨`¸lJvM¹dç)#ð´cO¶åtL/£ \2ñËµFëàÃeZD*15rÓ~½¥¡Ý
(1.ä¯Ú¥Ü ])lìÆ ^lU1£»îZPý¨ '20òÁ[+vâqÃ ±ÖªK¤K NKW4mûb þÄÙ9¬sq
Ü´-õ¶$§³}:#eØ¡ïöÓI4 ./ÿ  %<¼Ê`Ì á±VclÓß-*y4ÞÞ;v01 í®a\z5ÅWC( {\Y\Í
nÑYX½Þ¡ßÚm øi*ªÄrÚ:³dÃßâ-ªÂ- ?øúÖ*I¤´¬¨III$I
¤i!4;SÚB$~gDÎÜxU âg,¶ÜL¤ [_v­÷æ,`ûªWEá¶ÿ  ÊÑ­Ýw1Ôem2ÀÓÃ{¼¿mË
^s»}·­¶êô.Åb½!aßh¯læÀH}øÏ¸ÿ aû`-³¦[S¥Õ!ß Õ/
ºò´ó§n£jìD¬ò¸!p®÷wøu} ¼VÈ×¥ïöß5vûQßí¾k:íö¡ ¯
÷½J[Ûßí¾k:íö£¿Û|ÖuÛíBð¾÷©Ûßí¾k:íö£¿Û|ÖuÛíBð¾÷©Ûßí¾k:íö£¿Û|ÖuÛíBð¾÷©Ûßí¾k:íö£¿Û|ÖuÛíBð¾÷©Ûßí¾k:íö£¿Û|ÖuÛíBð¾÷©Ûßí¾k:íö£¿Û|ÖuÛíBð¾÷©Ûßí¾k:íö£¿Û|ÖuÛíBð¾÷©Ûßí¾k:íö£¿Û|ÖuÛíBð¾÷©Ûßí¾k:íö£¿Û|ÖuÛíBð¾÷©Ûßí¾k:íö£¿Û|ÖuÛíBð¾÷©Ûßí¾k:íö£¿Û|ÖuÛíBð¾÷©Ûßí¾k:íö£¿Û|ÖuÛíBð¾÷©Ûßí¾k:íöªbÆïJÀï=µBÖ:ã]z'û2Ëu
ôn"#Àz×á î!ë¡ ¼;ëùXÏÉÑÜcýÄ=tw~â ºò¥Gày:}Å¸®âÏÜC×Bñ¾T¥áü
Å¸®äÏÜC×Bã|©KÃìõ£¹3÷õÓîlýÄ=t! 7Êx}´w6~â º;?q]Gò¥/
±>èßÜC×Gtoî!ë¡ñ¾T£ÃlGuoî!ë£º·÷õÐxß*RðÛî­ýÄ=tÅ¸nËGëBã|©GØvoî!ë£»7÷õÐxß*Qáv#»ÜC×O»ÜC×Bã|©G
Øî?q] Ü~â ºåJ^b;ûzèìî!ë¡ñ¾T£ÂìG`?q] ýÄ=t! 7Êx]ìî!ë¦!¦ËGëBã|©G
Ø`?q] ýÄ=t! 7Êx]ìî!ë£° ¸®#ÆùR ±zteÞõÌGëÏw ¸®#ÆùR Øw
¸®ìßÜC×Bã|©G ØìßÜC×Gvoî!ë¡ñ¾T£ÂìGuoî!ë¥Ý[ûzèB

> ---  
> |  
> ---  
  
' b'GIF89a 6 Ä  ÎÍÎÿÿÿ·µ¶$ !qopçæçPMN¨¦§967ööö  #
½»¼-*+[XYíìì><=²±±ÚÚÚâáâ301¡  zxyÆÄÅfcdGDE®¬­ñïð!ÿ XMP DataXMP
ÿþýüûúùø÷öõôóòñðïîíìëêéèçæåäãâáàßÞÝÜÛÚÙØ×ÖÕÔÓÒÑÐÏÎÍÌËÊÉÈÇÆÅÄÃÂÁÀ¿¾½¼»º¹¸·¶µ´³²±°¯®­¬«ª©¨§¦¥¤£¢¡

~}|{zyxwvutsrqponmlkjihgfedcba`_^]\\[ZYXWVUTSRQPONMLKJIHGFEDCBA@?>=<;:9876543210/.-,+*)('&%$#"!
   !ù     ,     6  ÿ` dihª®lë¾p,Ïtmß¸\ |ïÿÀ
pH,ÈäÑam"tJ­Z¯Ø¬vËíz¿ÞG¡ÒJ4zÍn»ßð¸|N¯Ûïvâ²Ym¢  
M)k)ij¨©ª«  (§¸­­¹§Á½»·Á¿¨&i¶ghÓÕz RÆ
jÚÚ§Rß¼TÔÝÛØÍ%ÏØôõöõÐ° ØÇ 8à¯L1ÐÀÁ $5S84¬ÅþðGØímÓCÝ:r¼ÿ
¡A`XÄ` álw)nÚv.^Àm;ÓË·»2² » RtNbh$ð h@8@L)!Èh³ P
ø ÈxÀ 0É  ûäL  ap­|à*Zù qC@ç¹pMT×zE àQx@*À h²¸ : `
RP@ À¥@ -ÐÌÎá1(5Ý­z®[(\Ç,BåPÎ5Ï×¶fX
ÄÀq V@Ùfze¥@ D"0 Æ2P¿ P@   @3$ÿ c _í`ÅKúrñ4)ÚV? ¬­ ôON  
ÀVN2 æ&2  ¿UPGÔøO ¼$ á#ùÅ\hHÛ;çN~²0@ëO
úT52C?S`púËqÌj'±­NL ^-X ùDF]çøPÈ<ó=/})­â<½7¨& }øZ
ü /)H^0P ¡á[2å$dQD2)kêÉ ßEÀ@y0p¡ ¸M!KÞ Ùß9)ð)LCAÉ³
r9KÓJ¨ÿz+SîÐm©` û!ª ÖÛåéz©- ²Xæ»=:)³Íål +Ý²¢³Öõ T"Ó« @3§Þ
¼ ràñFÕ®-Õu»ôôt]@ÎvÇlyü¯_9­;úõ²½
gýª&`mNjváwÀ~QxLý@GÞ¤ám ,j{ì¥*Àä X -Ükr¯û>, )ÚX­PKJ.¡ÃN"ø N
ÜÏPÞ/zR_¤ ê¸¯ õ ®©×Æ¬­X¦`àò±#à¨L`\ 3§Ão@Ù$j
ª0ÿH%*ð¶õö¢h V$ PªÄ^Båd,¤y®4Èw®§P
"l¸IN`oIqúu þdã|N eGXÅNcèSÖôÌ`ïF+¹@ðÆVg pvÎ ÑRjN @¥x |~îj
pæZøK!`Ñ+x¤%PRþ@{ÎfU xk 8¤õF}­ I[ÃÕrE D8?¯Ï
6­¾PfjPMpF@bxLþSÈ pÀhü|2_È¡¾µão6'TQ BÇèCù À»Ùf 
¾ÿWà³ý9E ¿XCN»Òc ý5¬ 'g<­çÍV_ÖA×§ãoì}u2¶»½íYÅÅâ ßÈA°¿êTFü<çôæí
I¬æH±È^Ï#Ô¢AõæÒ*xï;p>ñ)Bxºtâ,ü(wÙ]í xõâê'°a>|ª8Å xzÔC
GDm¬"ñc×ïÀ(è±í£1uÞC½õ»'Qé¼ãáøÈÞÏüæËA
>oOýê[ÿúyh[½Sð&áûà¿øÇ/~¼H£À ÔÏþõ»¿ýð¿üãOÿùÛ¿þø¿¿þóÏÿýÛ_þ'8Xx
¸ ØX!  ;' b'

> | |  
> ---|---  
  
' b'GIF89a 6 Ä  ÿÿÿ$ !geeO¹¸¶·ÊÈÉÆEgõuÐ°ëëë§r|úµ{¾ß CHK#
?Z946m´º|z{" ãââVVVÕÓÔ  ¨§¦ôôôÜÜÜ!ÿ XMP DataXMP
ÿþýüûúùø÷öõôóòñðïîíìëêéèçæåäãâáàßÞÝÜÛÚÙØ×ÖÕÔÓÒÑÐÏÎÍÌËÊÉÈÇÆÅÄÃÂÁÀ¿¾½¼»º¹¸·¶µ´³²±°¯®­¬«ª©¨§¦¥¤£¢¡

~}|{zyxwvutsrqponmlkjihgfedcba`_^]\\[ZYXWVUTSRQPONMLKJIHGFEDCBA@?>=<;:9876543210/.-,+*)('&%$#"!
   !ù     ,     6  ÿ dihª®lë¾p,Ïtmß8|ïÿÀ
pH,È$RãiHdJ­Z¯Ø¬vËíz¿`/äÑ&dÍn»ßð¸|N¯ÛïxüfSq}Ðk  e,
Q \+ Q «¬­® +¯¶·¸k +¹ÂÃÄ
}*µÅÌÍ®Ç¾ªRj©Ö{U{S{Ü{ÚáÖkáæÝQçäâÎÐÉË SmÒº.àá
:<p¡Ã@*@¨ðÀ@îÈ<Ðð` ü"T(± ÔÿÈ3¤ Y_ØEx0 æ©ØèJµ  |¨p¡ O
@dx¢ÁÒ *LÀôBÃ=5dH`hT+ ÑsBYLA 8L¨Ivo T C ]@õÉ>  Ø 
Õ¡B  2ðkà0à hÓ^ã-/0tPÈÀUÎ{"LJRá¢µ3 =úÄ©T  8ô/Æ{@-
@¡¡EG©÷vÜ¹5PHÀÀnk,@ÒfpÁ ^0J Æ7$:pCÍh»JJÔè tî°uLÌ]ÿvÜ%
U7âé9À|CÅiSÎ ã!9R ÒM<Û¤¢MÜ°cÎfÃI0£h  Ý D,=b(ÙúßÑ "À ip «v
÷¼Ã1   % `¨cT øLú'ºUIz+CÐ"À<À´Ä¨Ü·+°ÈB KyO¥!<& P²<f
(À} ç6@ SY/qó¨À&R;à Pà6Gh%´ô2  @ÁÄÊ°ÿ¶~ Èà× ¡Ô®}±¨
ì¬%ÊQ> f*&
 ?4G]fÃ3vÉÉCàêÂHè9òPâÈ²¨\ e3RP$§à§#Ä;ñW`' ªSÛQ-jxÃ
ê,SÚ$#]eÀÊBb[¸ÈF³. d$# 4l aWÎ¨xU"+p ´v©Û Êæy#
$£5`ÀqtÑ,ëWó= Éú:t OMx (tH¸ % ÈÀ1LeF5ÏlK"Ðó+ ×Ò) Í¥A
Àá$S! ÿ ¸ce§´Ò ~ÐvD #3NÔe² À6{áÄ¨ågI
Z1JTáæd"R(àÉ@æ°¹±`&#Ü§~rÈ.CÆdcUØùPPUlvp6RLFn`É )0à©?ª¡Q
ð[t¦<"P <õi$%À ¡:l 3sU£])ÛÈ(t
g¶DOá/ú!shj!s¥åíLb¹ßñÃ<&PÊÖà½bé§ÃÔi^ zSøUK°R5d+KpbK
ÒF/*°À\G5êXÈþacÜèß2Ãþð³®#ø§!Ê FªF¯ÿ­}&Ã
Å¥ÈFó·h,ndñ¨Ål0`ÁBWÊóê¢ `¯|íSy1»·9S'üÛ#dÃ>*­åi áµ®ÑÏèºª¹.
 p âQ(|Æ©'°g,¼EÔ!ÄSKHcq®{eûlg;÷@ ){ "]Ë[Ð¢ê,E Iìës]$° T·q{m
ÛiªLLf j¤D#SàI^Y¿¢<vDËC~Õt©k s T`fa Î43Ñ 5öÛæ4«¥Á"
ÅÎLc;ûyYëSMCç?PÕrèFkBwr åÖ¼"råáÒÎ´¦7í#À5ÈÑ¯9MêRúÔ'zïÞù+!ÑÓÕôä
¬gMëZÛúÖ¸Îµ®wÍkâMA¼BìbûØÈN¶²Íìf;ûÙÐvs@íj[ûÚØÎ¶¶·Íín{ûÛà7 B  ;' b'

> | |  
> ---|---  
  
'
b'GIF89a 6 Ä  777EEE&&&­­­³³³çççbbbsss   ÄÄÄ|||ÿÿÿºººSSSËËËjjj¡¡¡[[[ÓÓÓÛÛÛ¦¦¦êêêõõõ
üüü!ÿ XMP DataXMP
ÿþýüûúùø÷öõôóòñðïîíìëêéèçæåäãâáàßÞÝÜÛÚÙØ×ÖÕÔÓÒÑÐÏÎÍÌËÊÉÈÇÆÅÄÃÂÁÀ¿¾½¼»º¹¸·¶µ´³²±°¯®­¬«ª©¨§¦¥¤£¢¡

~}|{zyxwvutsrqponmlkjihgfedcba`_^]\\[ZYXWVUTSRQPONMLKJIHGFEDCBA@?>=<;:9876543210/.-,+*)('&%$#"!
   !ù     ,     6  ÿ #dihª®lë¾p,Ïtmß8»-ãÿÀ
pH,È¤ry ``@bJ­Z¯Ø¬vËíz¿à/Çra}á´zÍn»­Ç ñ®Ûïx0¤äÿu (hY' '
o'¡¢^ £¨©T¥&ª¯¨¬%®°µ²$´a ¶Á`¸#º_   §ÂÑVÄ"Æ]   c
ÐÒÒÔÖ\ SÝ R\  k Ú^ù  õÁÈÛr@Á¶PHA
~WLèUâ8 ·¸ÁB8X?°­ ÿPhÃð¬
0ÈÁ) ðõÃ$'y@ IzFáA èfäÑKSÛOgTN ¹ J4ø`PfY ` Q/Ðë
aÜA°AA¨îª Â |0  0ÀZ¿5PÁï¡H\½µE+3§p  ¦ (û%ÏM6
à&ÚPo[P8lýL' B ßjª 2±P@ð×8Uo]{h(A¿ 24"t
fKàTè  >Kèð.É ¨ZÇÜK#° tY =ÿt`pCU @G55  TÐÀk·aO ð
Ôu`A ô½¦Ügd¦ ðP@ÎO ÐZA_ °Ð (·  @ ÀOTÀ  x (p¥h
ÈÓä4 ÀBõCGýmQ£ ÅÁü PH @]DUô
ªÈ¨Å~L± (N@mjñß<¤ÌC·9úh-fñ&¹ @  ¦¾Ò)ÿM  5j b« Y+ñ«
ÈªW JÅQ¢J
Úø¨e¥qÀÿE­0ykÅ¤ÞI­(&ÐRTà|îJÞWäIè¾ÍÔ@5©Ø½ý(%@'ÐÌ6i5ÏôöDÕ¯Y[Å"lpD
ÊN¡  TÐ ­a£ÀhHÐåtDPr´ÞQk J Ê`Á+K0  t0g < t
ÈKESP`@¬Etì(@ahÅ ÅTüºë^!Aþ À  Æ1@r±¥ ®Ñ7ÚÙtv Ä4Ü ¼sq¬ý^H
ê³Ø¡(A6gûiMaRè §­]=ÅÆgÿxv82Ö à÷]|S¨¦Àz HÀãJÜBS À2$Ð@je ¤ï
ÔåeUØ4ÔpÁïî2¯ùu¤Y»á¾Bsc HQý
o®4Td0uòP:ÏQÄ" røJÇù^­o è/ üÜ6DêÅc kyÈV6³ ÎeÀ   " X
 p*pòUÊB (ò°vÅQ¥IÈ [  Ä P %`U¡AJµ¦a Ã<Ð#AL@ÛÆô$Å*î
ý@*vÑ^]ÄbFàyø÷úçg¤Êk|£ +Ä9ÚQ q¼ã ó¨Ç9ã} d:aGòU¨Ä
.HA­ hä! éIÒ à ÎpI;Æ¡Gìä£î¡É|` *WÉÊVºò°¥,gIËZÚò³lIvÉË^úòÀ
¦0IÌbó¾  ;' b'

>  
' b' > Begin forwarded message: > > From: reservations@goindigo.in > Subject:
Your IndiGo Itinerary - NDLCXW > Date: 8 September 2017 at 3:19:20 AM IST >
To: deepanshu961@gmail.com > > > > Call 09212783838 INTERGLOBE AVIATION
LTD.(INDIGO), GlobalBusiness Park, Gurgaon, Haryana, India. > IndiGo
Passenger(s) > Your flight(s) are open for web check-in now. > Certain seats
may be charged. > >  > 1. Mr Deepanshu Arora > IndiGo Flight(s) > Date Departs
Check-in/Bag drop closes From To Via Flight Dep Terminal Arrives > 23Sep17
22:40 21:55 Delhi Bengaluru 6E 977 1 01:20 > Boarding gate closes 25/45
minutes prior to the scheduled time of departure for domestic/international
sectors. > Booking Reference Numeric Booking ID Status Date of Booking *
Payment Status > NDLCXW 270723051210 CONFIRMED 05Sep17 > 16:00:44 (UTC)
Approved > * Booking Date reflects in UTC(Coordinated Universal Time), all
other timings mentioned are as per Local Time. > > Price Summary Contact
Information > Airfare Charges INR > 2 , 574 .00 > CGST For Delhi INR > 66 .00
> SGST For Delhi INR > 66 .00 > Passenger Service Fee (PSF) INR > 153 .00 >
User Development Fee (UDF) INR > 12 .00 > RCS Fee INR > 50 .00 > Total Fare
INR > 2 , 921 . 00 > Address :ibibo Web Private Limited, 4th Floor > Phone :
9953126352 > Email : deepanshu961@gmail.com > Note: > Goods and Services Tax
(GST) shall be levied at applicable rates on all air transportation services
provided by IndiGo, except in cases specifically exempted under law. > This is
not a GST invoice. The GST invoice shall be sent to the email address in the
name of the first passenger, mentioned in this itinerary. In case of a booking
made by a GSTIN holder, the GST invoice shall be sent in the name of the GSTIN
holder to the email address mentioned while providing the GSTIN information at
the time of reservation. > Additionally, passengers may download the GST
invoice using their PNR number on the IndiGo website www.goindigo.in. > GST
shall also be applicable on any special services requested by the passenger at
applicable rates. > Tax Invoices shall be only in INR, even in cases where the
payment is made in a currency other than INR. > Airfare Charges include Base
Fare, Fuel Charge and CUTE Charge > PSF/UDF/ADF are collected on behalf of the
Airport Authority of India (AAI)/Other Airport Operators. In case of no-show,
you can claim the taxes on www.goindigo.in > Lite Fare Sector: Delhi -
Bengaluru > No Checked Baggage Allowance > 7 kgs Hand Baggage (one piece only)
> Refer to Conditions of Carriage for change/cancellation fee and detailed
T&Cs; > Services > Delhi - Bengaluru - - - - > Mr. Deepanshu Arora Seat 27F
LITE > Terms and Conditions > Must Read: > RESTRICTIONS ON CARRIAGE >
Passengers are requested to carry Power Banks/Portable Mobile Chargers in
their hand baggage. They are not allowed to be carried inside checked luggage.
> We recommend you check-in AT LEAST 2 Hours prior to departure for domestic
sectors and AT LEAST 3 Hours prior to departure for international sectors. >
Please complete the check-in including bag drop formalities 75min
(international sector) / 45min (domestic sector) prior to departure. Failure
to do so will result in your booking being cancelled and the fares and
surcharges retained. Report early for hassle free check-in. > Boarding gates
close 25 minutes prior to the scheduled time of departure for domestic sectors
and 45 minutes prior to the scheduled time for international sectors. Please
report at your departure gate at the indicated boarding time. Any passenger
failing to report in time, may be refused boarding privileges. > For all
international flights, we accept USD/GBP/EUR or the currency of destination
(except INR) for on-board purchases. INR up to denomination 500 is accepted on
Kathmandu flights. This is as per Indian regulations. > One Hand baggage
weighing not more than 7kgs (including the Laptop), with an additional
restriction on maximum dimension - length 55cm + width 35cm + height 25cm
respectively is allowed. In the event where a hand bag is over-sized or over-
weight, IndiGo may require transfer of Hand Baggage to the Baggage compartment
of the aircraft prior to take-off, at applicable excess baggage rates. > Free
Checked In Baggage Allowance for all pieces combined is 15Kg ( Domestic ) / 20
Kg (International). Free checked in baggage allowance for travel to and from
Doha, Dubai, Muscat, Sharjah and Singapore is up to 30kgs per adult and child.
This allowance does not apply to Infants. > For Infants valid birth
certificate is required. > General: > Check-in at www.goIndiGo.in is
available. This service is not available for international travel and
Passengers with infants or groups. > Changes/cancellations are permitted more
than two (2) hours prior to scheduled departure and (four (4) hours for
international sectors) with payment of change/cancellation fee and difference
in fare if applicable. > A security search is compulsory. > A valid photo id,
in original, is required for each person travelling. For foreign nationals,
only passport, in original, will be considered as a valid photo id. For
detailed terms and conditions, log on to www.goIndiGo.in > Check Your Flight
Timings: To know the flight status on the day of departure, contact our 24 X 7
call centre departure, contact our 24 X 7 call centre or logon to our website
or mobile app (available on iPhone, Windows, Android and Blackberry), or send
an sms to 566772 in the following format: "ST[space]flight
number[space]departure date of flight as ddmm". For example: to know the
status for 6E-333 for 11th February send "ST 333 1102" to 566772. > Indian
Nationals travelling to and from Kathmandu are required to carry either
Passport or Voterâs Id Card only as their valid photo Id, no other photo Id
will be considered as valid. > Passengers going to UAE/ Oman/ Qatar from India
on tourist/ employment visas require an 'OK TO BOARD' comment in their PNR.
Please check with your visa issuing agency. > Name changes and changes to
GSTIN are not permitted on your booking, once a PNR is generated. > Hot and
cold food and beverages as shown in the Food and Beverage Menu may be
purchased on board, subject to their availability. For flights below 60
minutes flying time hot food or beverages will not be offered. On select
flights below 30 minutes flying time only limited snacks (cookies and nuts)
and water will be offered. > LED / LCD TVs of more than 99.06 cm in size will
be charged. Refer to www.goIndiGo.in. > This booking is governed by IndiGo's
fare rules and Conditions of Carriage that are available from Airport
Counters, IndiGo Shops or www.goIndiGo.in > Flight schedules are subject to
change and approval by authorities. > IndiGo reserves the right to deny
boarding if credit card information is not supplied at check-in. > Hot Food
and Beverages shall not be served on short sector flights. > Due to airport
security regulations, no Hand Baggage is allowed on any flights from Jammu and
Srinagar airports. > Terminal Information: > International Terminal
Information: For international flights, IndiGo will operate from the following
terminals airports: New Delhi - Terminal 3, IGIA; Mumbai - International
Terminal, CSIA; Dubai - Terminal 1, Dubai International Airport; Bangkok -
Suvarnabhumi Airport; Singapore - Terminal 2, Changi Airport; Kathmandu -
Tribuvan International Airport; Muscat - Muscat International Airport. Chennai
- International Terminal, Chennai International Airport; Hyderabad -
International Terminal, RGIA; Kolkata - Terminal II, Kolkata International
Airport; Kochi - International Terminal, Kochi International Airport and
Thiruvananthapuram - International Terminal, Thiruvananthapuram. > IndiGo
flights from Delhi to Singapore departs from Terminal 1D. In case a passenger
is arriving into Delhi from a country other than India and is further booked
on a Delhi to Singapore flight,he/she must make their own necessary visa
arrangements for transit within Delhi since there will be a change of terminal
upon arrival into Delhi(i.e. from terminal 3 to terminal 1D). > Domestic
Terminal Information: > Vadodara - Effective 01 Dec 16, All IndiGo flights
from Vadodara will depart from New Integrated terminal, Vadodara Airport. Wish
you a pleasant flight. To know Flt status Download mobile app, log on to
www.goindigo.in or send ST (space) Flt no (space) date in ddmm format to
566772. For any assistance, please call 0124-6613838. > Chandigarh - New Civil
Air Terminal. > Flight Delays Reschedule or Cancellations > At any time after
a Booking has been made, we may change our schedules and/or cancel, terminate,
divert, postpone, reschedule or delay any flight where we reasonably consider
this to be justified by circumstances beyond our control, or for reasons of
safety, or for commercial reasons. Circumstances beyond IndiGo's control can
include, without limitation, weather, air traffic control, mechanical
failures, acts of terrorism, acts of nature, force majeure, strikes, riots,
wars, hostilities, disturbances, governmental regulations, orders, demands or
requirements, shortages of critical manpower, parts or materials, labour
unrest etc. If an IndiGo flight is cancelled, rescheduled or delayed for more
than two hours (depending on the length of the journey), a Customer shall have
the right to choose a refund; or a credit for future travel on IndiGo; or re-
booking onto an alternative IndiGo flight at no additional cost (subject to
availability); subject to the requirements under the local laws of the country
in which the flight has been cancelled, rescheduled or delayed. > In the
special case where a subsequent portion of an IndiGo flight is cancelled while
a Customer is already in transit, such a Customer shall have the right to
choose to remain at the transit station and to be re-booked onto an
alternative IndiGo flight to the final destination at no additional cost
subject to availability; or to remain at the transit station and accept a
partial refund for the portion of the flight not completed; or to return to
the point of origin and receive a refund; or a credit for future travel on
IndiGo; or re-booking onto an alternative IndiGo flight at no additional cost
subject to availability. We strongly recommend all Customers to provide
correct phone numbers and email address, to enable us to inform them of flight
delays or cancellations in unforeseen cases. Customers who have not provided
valid contact information at the time of Booking may not be entitled for any
compensation. Contact our call centre (0)9212783838 if you have any queries. >
>  ' b'  

  

> Begin forwarded message:

>

>  
>

>

>  **From:**reservations@goindigo.in  
>

>

>  **Subject:** **Your IndiGo Itinerary - NDLCXW**  
>

>

>  **Date:** 8 September 2017 at 3:19:20 AM IST  
>

>

>  **To:**deepanshu961@gmail.com  
>

>

>  
>

>

> PNR : NDLCXW

>

> |  
> ---  
  
' b'PNG      IHDR      +   Aú   tEXtSoftware Adobe
ImageReadyqÉe<  &iTXtXML;:com.adobe.xmp      ï '°  ZIDATxÚì]wXTÇ?¤
PÄ¨Ô>{ÅX¢"F5Æ,/Ä<DÆ(ö5v ±BTli6ÀB°óæ\YvçîÞ-ð-
ùøñÝ?{wîÜ3sÊüÎÈB [9äZÊ#¸÷ çAIÉ[à8 
ë:fÐ°^-hÑ¸>85±3\Uÿ^næòå$Ì@¢_}Ò
jWý+Ã$.9S®|zP'°©c^)ßyöZ:ùõd"Ä%eÂõô,È/|É|ÎÐ@ më« tpo~í ±µe
NÏgºÜvÿÐJëøÊß´5ä¸[ò¾öshëbW¡ß¹fÿ9B/¿ý@í:ü©MÐú´w®rc"-02D_ï_¥YY0ËkTØ;·
»Læ®;ii\×Ñ³7ø«_V$âPVAûwIPúö-A;)¯ð
ZÆéÓü"Òï¿ëIð¼(­4Æ$ãàï!òèÅ*c8KªEê ü¼;,<YO!ôoMVÌ
$zµML#ý¿X¹Ï_TX_¾Q v@ }×ÚÐ!\µU M&!KöÈU{Ï¡D, é¯t ©
#3×zWÓµ¡ec+plTÌM¨ÉQ£ÿ$¥fA2½²=WZÇCqp#-Dÿ<U=W-`:e»båËiùÿÆô"fÆþèRá¢^9LÖ
vv7Áº¨&1©õûØp8ÿ-Xç¹¤thÛç mítRÈªm°¿Qôâà½ÜçÅ÷^¼zCÚYª°îà>Þ¶o6Ì
ÛS$\üèq\'O{nõ¬Á\ÚÞo`x¯ÖM Å&W;ùºog;fyZ¦Ð¨¾ àïºO'yEÌ{¨úv}
¾äj¨¼ÂØÖ¯ÅEÎ â~ýá~dat@[?Þ«0
ÇÜ±½q@åm¯D9?l>NÎ'g0ëC'!aËLÔÅMãÁïßÉ»½;Z5³-]7ô«m°¿6ÖÍ¡dÅX>(Zß²&
ëéB¶ÍÇùdöê£õÅ­ç¦VZ|«ÚfÜ Ó_È8 ¨º²U{U èÍ ÞEÔ³Ò §,ö
Òªp¡;±b",:E&j_%úTcËÉ-$Wï<ûO ø%pôÏÜ´ï»96 EÞº¸tó ¹NÝù§ùÅðòu
ÿ>ë:æü&1U#>«ÑkÜ{ê*ó^`O¸Whfuæ*ê»èêñÏ_ñ»:fÆÐ²I}pij!®Ò 7oéLC1ÉýZ
¨ô/¸;4Ð¨SS uÎÃþÓ×àáÁç¬ën­óíßÎçë7¥Jë§¶ 
)ïú{Ã·ãzkû=±;S_Ö}5´J­Ú´/ù~Å]Eû¥¦Æ¨Éø}  WaöêM ÷ý.Øöûe¥ÏR Ö
ã/*ddùôj Ù§ wuÏz£ðØ6¼¼ZØT),ã] E¯à^v\ù½ ù²]ÇãuàDÒå
§,¾8Bm;%¸@ã¼~¿'J'.  "¥ßªùèiq %\²@ãÙsä"ò¬
¨"ÌmF/-\²¸rë><Î+z5>k` Ï,73) HJÍ"¨BX:¤C,ü§À $lË QÂ% 2
ð"SDk_øxXÄöÔÅÕGà¼UÒ½$®ô#.ß¼¯QgèëRbÊ,ÇBÚ:¿zIH%î ÿ·3
k\×gá{ tå¢Ù;dµ`@QZO#3÷ñjÈúøóçÏÖå3vÜ}ðTi»0 Iè .á4ûå¼
Ô®'\ñ«×üdÐØØÿ¦Füì}j¸.WªË¢¦1oâP-¢ð¹ð­'à-!$lR_NmÛ|ä"¹p=Sð>î± îê®9
ûzz6ìç÷ñX8y9¨Fvf!çE9ï£^ éæî ÁÎÚß¯Ca<}å. k: ïÕ×2·-3;YîB¿]]
olé3PÃP3§ ûÿÎ¬ ´oäÏW+üý¿Ö0´»¸Ú7z¦t¡xYÏ ®ÚG/ñ& ¶ëQ}Ûpj
XhÄf9n£$gìýÇ¥1 ëéEp%baú²üÆ¯,þºF¶ cÛxÈB3 Ú¹6ûÏæ ù+$°#
Æ@ãu÷ñägñ4dm¡°½gî¼º@z®ÊV ±xS"oWý²;Vp×©Ù«CC »úLÜ ,ÍòÂ:epØxøûýNf X
àëBêZr*Ù`¿»AXô}==8¹r¢BO£àTÑnÉéïÑ v0ïÑ¦$E}É.Y´nÙÛ1ÿîZ55TE ×
ûC]iY«¯W¾èøiËØá ÛÁ©I¬p±+Ôùõ!÷¿TÝÈÿõ$; Ü
oJåçãÄáG©¶²ÀLcKÇsFh|·%'_%ª±Êl¢z,ÚOgj7ªB¨Dx;5â6Î4}¨SFT°{ò,ñý}Ä{ÙÛ²Ìþ3IÌçô×¨Ãµ©"Íé(RQ»ÎGOkUÀdÍ{¡]Mß
S«þþÞ»Cæ½-¿]ÂÐme=W/H_¡«hÉ§ ¯ªdSµ0F%[òdKjÛh -Ô¥v'ÓøÏÊS»Î1m
¹]=~kF qü¶å8¿¥Ãò¬¥&1a}Ýb2Úý:uhó¼=Ê;[ uu'`¬5äTjµLP.
-Ò³äcl]>pÔ)õãØ¨ ³\ÈnÞÍ9z©ü»ð­'¼=g6uÍßÿûÚÝGÌßú·sÖ¨
ÆåÁãür±R¥*ROcèxÕZJJßRyAÕ ñÌ2 ÑsÔÚ@O ÓWRxºse úôlRP$?a[[ËÏÌbU
lëjô~Lfí ù P*&©ëSÝXú0ë5hn?½äcÌHU aÌt¨ªö¹Vi+é¥÷ån2¶Ñëö·«ª X@Î
+'½è £]u1®³3³U³±¡êájKr =ì÷l®´þÚ / ºÄí((J& 1 ¶Î ÁUMÖ,Û
YÝY<a ÛNLyô¥ WH:øýüM¦ñÿaÇVå'@özN®f+=ñE¤,J$º'`ïôº¼½ Áe¸-Wf[ÏÔIÄ@
îæI l~^ßùÙOBÑt_·¦¨¶Ê}S3695[£6`¼2¯PÞfFf è¹;ÊÇVb¯¦ºiü
ü±"ù.öÖµ5lR_f9ÞH ¨(àvÍ±s7÷úúÊ{ ÍmÏâ­&jî
ÛÛÖÑMóóiÉ´ÁÂ"O¨]çl»¨«áÑm9]±íq?ìÒú*,b¡Õ WV@Sßð¬1¹U=#GÔnã²gå<
xGH'¬G ÒDñ d1¨Ü1©©À, éæ¡q{÷¼©ý
ÏÝ¦5!Ã¸çÔU÷#ç!]©òõôdþfÔüíjµeÎÚcDU2Ò¿u9î¾ÎåE"93&¬àùL*ØÄÚZÒI+G
áñYC=½?®ÀÁ?øÛ4´ ·Df/ÏÏbahwO¢>!&òegdåBÀÌu*µ
¿EH+ø´j"G~Ð9ûrD7f¸gsàBÜPÚ!Ç/Þ&#  ÞOkí Ó¯-7#¨³àý; õ'?Áå¢]|Ó
Äux8µò°àsÞN jÞÇ ' fv};®7ó Ò»O@¸Ò¶í;uø_.x )?r^¥®
.nû¼dPè&¹{h¬w¼³ZÈPªâÚ»7ÅùÌë'yE$.96 ¹(¸¹[¶B¡¦¨ðÉ òÜY¡2
¡³ú´w&4Åf ëQwCPZJàÎ½Ç¡GÕN'É Ë¦n6³z¨6Î ÕÛùg<¹Í´í-O´#A½¼ø5Ü
@¦-# QÑWàÏ ·ëb×è$÷Så©ÁJ"ö²ÓÃ0U/Æ²ð¥ÜB (¬×« -,úa l ýi
G'Á´:!¼))åÓî=#½©Ctdñ8¾%zùgÐ0`®P\OÌÁ ©ïµÍMÆ  ù;ïÕ|êÏlÎMñËÌÜ
.nJÃ<\Ù z|H%®H`*¿*Ò&ðfU v' ¤¢ ß 1ÂEµ  -Ø>üd×wÁ
.ÙÏ+gTJÎ"ª¢Ø5SU«õºqúäÊI¦ÚátÄdh Å¸PÓuýa£
G%[»áÒûT,C~êGDæ2ëy©ôw[æ ç0ÉSÝ{GõmtÀ9eÂU*°ª­DÛÂmø:\ím4
H4pÕº±ctôh¦ñ$ñuoÊÝÚªiTH6<¶t<ü8%@i[$H,£³àæ%¤4¿ÜÎÊg:ñ¼Q):/KMljó\\!uêÁ³ð¼TÌß
/Èq*R¬©1 x@ `QThÜâ>aYbv ÜÇÃÃçÐ«Ý|ôæ7À³bQ¿ÅÍ
GW>fÎ6WC#CO¬Ø¬Úw· 3¨=eÀD ü *¢ÛÂefåî½½å =³²¼:ÜXEÒaÐ!
Rå´UÏ'eðÞÖ»ÃOÞÅ°^Ü ´³²  ×&8@*Õa

> | |

>

>  
>  
> ---|---  
  
' b'PNG      IHDR   p      "Gy|   sRGB ®Î é   gAMA  ± üa   
pHYs  Ã  ÃÇo¨d  pIDAThCmÊªä@ÃÐ¹ÿ¥ÿn GÅ¦,»ÿù{ÞC÷Á w_^çµ;ïú'ËëÊº,÷¯
w7ër·uqºzïû¾ã9î¾¼Îk
vÞõO×uYî_=înÖån7ëâuõÞ÷}ÇsÜ}y×>ì¼ë,¯+ë²Ü¿zÜÝ¬ËÝnÖÅ-
êê½ïûæ¸ûò:¯}Øy×?Y^WÖe¹õ¸»Y»Ý¬[ÔÕ{ß÷
Ìq÷åu^û°ó®²¼®¬Ërÿêqw³.w»Y·¨«÷¾ï;>ãîËë¼öaç]ÿdy]YåþÕãîf]îv³.nQWï}ßw|0ÇÝ×yíÃÎ»þÉòº².Ëý«ÇÝÍºÜíf]Ü¢®Þû¾ïø`»/¯óÚwýåue]ûW»u¹ÛÍº¸E]½÷}ßñÁ
w_^çµ;ïú'ËëÊº,÷¯ w7ër·uqºzïû¾ã9î¾¼Îk
vÞõO×uYî_=înÖån7ëâuõÞ÷}ÇsÜ}y×>ì¼ë,¯+ë²Ü¿zÜÝ¬ËÝnÖÅ-
êê½ïûæ¸ûò:¯}Øy×?Y^WÖe¹õ¸»Y»Ý¬[ÔÕ{ß÷
Ìq÷åu^û°ó®²¼®¬Ërÿêqw³.w»Y·¨«÷¾ï;>ãîËë¼öaç]ÿdy]YåþÕãîf]îv³.nQWï}ßw|0ÇÝ×yíÃÎ»þÉòº².Ëý«ÇÝÍºÜíf]Ü¢®Þû¾ïø`»/¯óÚwýåue]ûW»u¹ÛÍº¸E]½÷}ßñÁ
w_^çµ;ïú'ËëÊº,÷¯ w7ër·uqºzïû¾ã9î¾¼Îk
vÞõO×uYî_=înÖån7ëâuõÞ÷}ÇsÜ}y×>ì¼ë,¯+ë²Ü¿zÜÝ¬ËÝnÖÅ-
êê½ïûæ¸ûò:¯}Øy×?Y^WÖe¹õ¸»Y»Ý¬[ÔÕ{ß÷
Ìq÷åu^û°ó®²¼®¬Ërÿêqw³.w»Y·¨«÷¾ï;>ãîËë¼öaç]ÿdy]YåþÕãîf]îv³.nQWï}ßw|0ÇÝ×yíÃÎ»þÉòº².Ëý«ÇÝÍºÜíf]Ü¢®Þû¾ïø`»/¯óÚwýåue]ûW»u¹ÛÍº¸E]½÷÷ûýýÅ'GÄP    IEND®B`'
b'

> |  
>  
> ---  
> | | Call 09212783838|  INTERGLOBE AVIATION LTD.(INDIGO), GlobalBusiness
Park, Gurgaon, Haryana, India.  
> ---|---  
> | | **IndiGo Passenger(s)**|

>

> Your flight(s) are open for web check-in now.  
>  Certain seats may be charged.

>

> |  
>  
> ---|---|---  
  
' b'PNG      IHDR   j       Ídn¹   tEXtSoftware Adobe
ImageReadyqÉe<  "iTXtXML:com.adobe.xmp     
HÜñe  ½IDATxÚìXiHÓa×ðÃÜ¦M]¦VÚ¡H¸/]'©%äQ*iaYVJy|1¡å0dJ¦xÍ
æU©9W+üV¿ùÖµY¸Ñ´ô}/Ï=ïõ{Ïï} Ý¡¶B@á£ðQø(|Ô(|> ßº03Ãº$ø
öïärÌZû;ÆNyßl0`HË¥3Â}ñEë }»7qåµYIÑÁ3s }ò¡÷Ó6<ö gÃ¦G_·
H(?/Ätk}õùñh&5NHrÈ^ã­¯©}ðóÌüµ²¤\¯b°#Æå°Äwbím­àÕµû O2O
xxOÄð7+æ°·thüETh[í¬C.>Ô ÙÛÝq½ 3{jL cvîkquóãv¹Öò®û
øÀúVðD¦Õì¿AÜq£®NÝå°·ÊÌø½i·ËD úª~Å$p_ èh³£à°±ü
Q §%gw9ÙcÅÐÇÈP?àK°C<4Ð bÌ®vÈiíi¼Ñâ2 cy^9 ´÷sbÑÌDä¦G`XÌy«®Fì^ø
Pm|Åt! !DIôU!½ð-ôK} È~{Uìåä¼ ¿Ï;y ApÃfLø\6ëP|!¡)|´ÑBÁËN
¡Æ1ÑYuKsi ¤§«c[á8B Þõ¾&½L¡Út«P¼£ãÓ¶|
l1ùè¤.kðwÏN:'*½ÔÃ¤B¥Õ½äÚ)´SÓ*
_û$#Z723VwÆ$òqâ|ü2ÿSUÌA:&áõàXBDàªÝ¼µ- m9ÉÄíüì»BüX ake ÌÀ°Æ ÷³
­ø@þÊ-¹æomÉÖ}H¬ ûpììè­´Äà%#%3kÄÝÐ2,
p@×²âA.vÀB­qÅ§kDíJÕ/W*hûSÈt´Õ`Ã"Õz·xKàðRbÔÚF£È%F ¥
1úÃ(U¥Ð".µÏQºi¸s* ðR¡/©ÄsyÕL Oeä
0ALylè]Fb¨úÕ%j#+.nõÚsQLØNE&\¾ûÏzPïröwjµbUÕ}èh±N­×Ø? ýË
ÂGá£ðQ£ðQø(|ÿ¿}` û·ò±&I;¬    IEND®B`' b'

> | | |  
>  
> ---  
> | 1\. **Mr**   **Deepanshu**   **Arora**  
> ---  
> |  **IndiGo Flight(s)**  
> ---  
> |  Date| Departs| Check-in/Bag drop closes| From| To| Via| Flight| Dep
Terminal| Arrives  
> ---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
>  **23Sep17**|  **22:40**|  ** **21:55****|  **Delhi**|  **Bengaluru**|   |
**6E   977**|    **1**|  **01:20**  
> |  Boarding gate closes 25/45 minutes prior to the scheduled time of
departure for domestic/international sectors.  
> ---  
> |  Booking Reference| Numeric Booking ID| Status| Date of Booking *| Payment
Status  
> ---|---|---|---|---  
>  **NDLCXW**|  **270723051210**|  **CONFIRMED**|  **05Sep17  
> 16:00:44 (UTC) **| **Approved**  
>  
> * Booking Date reflects in UTC(Coordinated Universal Time), all other
timings mentioned are as per Local Time.  
>  
> | **Price Summary**|  **Contact Information**  
> ---|---  
> |  Airfare Charges| INR|

>

> 2 , 574 .00  
>  
> ---|---|---  
> CGST For Delhi| INR|

>

> 66 .00  
>  
> SGST For Delhi| INR|

>

> 66 .00  
>  
> Passenger Service Fee (PSF)| INR|

>

> 153 .00  
>  
> User Development Fee (UDF)| INR|

>

> 12 .00  
>  
> RCS Fee| INR|

>

> 50 .00  
>  
> **Total Fare**|  **INR**|

>

>  **2 , 921 . 00**  
>  
> | |  Address :ibibo Web Private Limited, 4th Floor  
> ---  
> Phone : 9953126352  
> Email : deepanshu961@gmail.com  
> |  **Note:**  
> ---  
>  
>   * Goods and Services Tax (GST) shall be levied at applicable rates on all
air transportation services provided by IndiGo, except in cases specifically
exempted under law.

>   * This is not a GST invoice. The GST invoice shall be sent to the email
address in the name of the first passenger, mentioned in this itinerary. In
case of a booking made by a GSTIN holder, the GST invoice shall be sent in the
name of the GSTIN holder to the email address mentioned while providing the
GSTIN information at the time of reservation.

>   * Additionally, passengers may download the GST invoice using their PNR
number on the IndiGo website www.goindigo.in.

>   * GST shall also be applicable on any special services requested by the
passenger at applicable rates.

>   * Tax Invoices shall be only in INR, even in cases where the payment is
made in a currency other than INR.

>   * Airfare Charges include Base Fare, Fuel Charge and CUTE Charge

>   * PSF/UDF/ADF are collected on behalf of the Airport Authority of India
(AAI)/Other Airport Operators. In case of no-show, you can claim the taxes on
www.goindigo.in

>

  
> | |  Lite Fare Sector: Delhi \- Bengaluru  
> ---  
>  
>   * No Checked Baggage Allowance

>   * 7 kgs Hand Baggage (one piece only)

>   * Refer to Conditions of Carriage for change/cancellation fee and detailed
T&Cs

>

  
> |  **Services**  
> ---  
> Delhi \- Bengaluru|  \- |  \- |  \- |  \-  
> | **Mr. Deepanshu Arora** Seat 27F  LITE  
> ---  
> |  
> ---  
> |  
> ---  
> |  
> ---  
> |  
> ---  
> | **Terms and Conditions**  
> ---  
>  **Must Read:**  
> |

>

>   *  **RESTRICTIONS ON CARRIAGE**  
>  Passengers are requested to carry **Power Banks/Portable Mobile Chargers**
in their hand baggage. They are not allowed to be carried inside checked
luggage.

>   * We recommend you check-in **AT LEAST 2 Hours** prior to departure for
domestic sectors and **AT LEAST 3 Hours** prior to departure for international
sectors.

>   * Please complete the check-in including bag drop formalities **75min**
(international sector) / **45min** (domestic sector) prior to departure.
Failure to do so will result in your booking being cancelled and the fares and
surcharges retained. Report early for hassle free check-in.

>   * **Boarding gates close 25 minutes** prior to the scheduled time of
departure for domestic sectors and **45 minutes** prior to the scheduled time
for international sectors. Please report at your departure gate at the
indicated boarding time. Any passenger failing to report in time, may be
refused boarding privileges.

>   * **For all international flights,** we accept USD/GBP/EUR or the currency
of destination (except INR) for on-board purchases. INR up to denomination 500
is accepted on Kathmandu flights. This is as per Indian regulations.

>

|

>

>   * **One Hand baggage weighing not more than 7kgs** (including the Laptop),
with an additional restriction on maximum dimension - length 55cm + width 35cm
+ height 25cm respectively is allowed. In the event where a hand bag is over-
sized or over-weight, IndiGo may require transfer of Hand Baggage to the
Baggage compartment of the aircraft prior to take-off, at applicable excess
baggage rates.

>   * **Free Checked In Baggage Allowance** for all pieces combined is 15Kg (
Domestic ) / 20 Kg (International). Free checked in baggage allowance for
travel to and from Doha, Dubai, Muscat, Sharjah and Singapore is up to 30kgs
per adult and child. This allowance does not apply to Infants.

>   * **For Infants** valid birth certificate is required.

>

  
> ---|---  
> **General:**  
>  
>   * Check-in at www.goIndiGo.in is available. This service is not available
for international travel and Passengers with infants or groups.

>   * Changes/cancellations are permitted more than two (2) hours prior to
scheduled departure and (four (4) hours for international sectors) with
payment of change/cancellation fee and difference in fare if applicable.

>   * A security search is compulsory.

>   * A valid photo id, in original, is required for each person travelling.
For foreign nationals, only passport, in original, will be considered as a
valid photo id. For detailed terms and conditions, log on to www.goIndiGo.in

>   * Check Your Flight Timings: To know the flight status on the day of
departure, contact our 24 X 7 call centre departure, contact our 24 X 7 call
centre or logon to our website or mobile app (available on iPhone, Windows,
Android and Blackberry), or send an sms to 566772 in the following format:
"ST[space]flight number[space]departure date of flight as ddmm". For example:
to know the status for 6E-333 for 11th February send "ST 333 1102" to 566772.

>   * Indian Nationals travelling to and from Kathmandu are required to carry
either Passport or Voterâs Id Card only as their valid photo Id, no other
photo Id will be considered as valid.

>   * Passengers going to UAE/ Oman/ Qatar from India on tourist/ employment
visas require an 'OK TO BOARD' comment in their PNR. Please check with your
visa issuing agency.

>   * Name changes and changes to GSTIN are not permitted on your booking,
once a PNR is generated.

>   * Hot and cold food and beverages as shown in the Food and Beverage Menu
may be purchased on board, subject to their availability. For flights below 60
minutes flying time hot food or beverages will not be offered. On select
flights below 30 minutes flying time only limited snacks (cookies and nuts)
and water will be offered.

>   * LED / LCD TVs of more than 99.06 cm in size will be charged. Refer to
www.goIndiGo.in.

>   * This booking is governed by IndiGo's fare rules and Conditions of
Carriage that are available from Airport Counters, IndiGo Shops or
www.goIndiGo.in

>   * Flight schedules are subject to change and approval by authorities.

>   * IndiGo reserves the right to deny boarding if credit card information is
not supplied at check-in.

>   * Hot Food and Beverages shall not be served on short sector flights.

>   * Due to airport security regulations, no Hand Baggage is allowed on any
flights from Jammu and Srinagar airports.

>

  
> |  **Terminal Information:**  
> ---  
>  **International Terminal Information:** For international flights, IndiGo
will operate from the following terminals airports: **New Delhi** \- Terminal
3, IGIA; **Mumbai** \- International Terminal, CSIA; **Dubai** \- Terminal 1,
Dubai International Airport; **Bangkok** \- Suvarnabhumi Airport;
**Singapore** \- Terminal 2, Changi Airport; **Kathmandu** \- Tribuvan
International Airport; **Muscat** \- Muscat International Airport. **Chennai**
\- International Terminal, Chennai International Airport; **Hyderabad** \-
International Terminal, RGIA; **Kolkata** \- Terminal II, Kolkata
International Airport; **Kochi** \- International Terminal, Kochi
International Airport and **Thiruvananthapuram** \- International Terminal,
Thiruvananthapuram.  
> IndiGo flights from Delhi to Singapore departs from Terminal 1D. In case a
passenger is arriving into Delhi from a country other than India and is
further booked on a Delhi to Singapore flight,he/she must make their own
necessary visa arrangements for transit within Delhi since there will be a
change of terminal upon arrival into Delhi(i.e. from terminal 3 to terminal
1D).  
> **Domestic Terminal Information:**  
>  **Vadodara** \- Effective 01 Dec 16, All IndiGo flights from Vadodara will
depart from New Integrated terminal, Vadodara Airport. Wish you a pleasant
flight. To know Flt status Download mobile app, log on to www.goindigo.in or
send ST (space) Flt no (space) date in ddmm format to 566772. For any
assistance, please call 0124-6613838.  
> **Chandigarh** \- New Civil Air Terminal.  
> | **Flight Delays Reschedule or Cancellations**  
> ---  
> At any time after a Booking has been made, we may change our schedules
and/or cancel, terminate, divert, postpone, reschedule or delay any flight
where we reasonably consider this to be justified by circumstances beyond our
control, or for reasons of safety, or for commercial reasons. Circumstances
beyond IndiGo's control can include, without limitation, weather, air traffic
control, mechanical failures, acts of terrorism, acts of nature, force
majeure, strikes, riots, wars, hostilities, disturbances, governmental
regulations, orders, demands or requirements, shortages of critical manpower,
parts or materials, labour unrest etc. If an IndiGo flight is cancelled,
rescheduled or delayed for more than two hours (depending on the length of the
journey), a Customer shall have the right to choose a refund; or a credit for
future travel on IndiGo; or re-booking onto an alternative IndiGo flight at no
additional cost (subject to availability); subject to the requirements under
the local laws of the country in which the flight has been cancelled,
rescheduled or delayed.  
> In the special case where a subsequent portion of an IndiGo flight is
cancelled while a Customer is already in transit, such a Customer shall have
the right to choose to remain at the transit station and to be re-booked onto
an alternative IndiGo flight to the final destination at no additional cost
subject to availability; or to remain at the transit station and accept a
partial refund for the portion of the flight not completed; or to return to
the point of origin and receive a refund; or a credit for future travel on
IndiGo; or re-booking onto an alternative IndiGo flight at no additional cost
subject to availability. We strongly recommend all Customers to provide
correct phone numbers and email address, to enable us to inform them of flight
delays or cancellations in unforeseen cases. Customers who have not provided
valid contact information at the time of Booking may not be entitled for any
compensation. Contact our call centre (0)9212783838 if you have any queries.  
  
'
b'ÿØÿá Exif  II*            ÿì Ducky       ÿá1http://ns.adobe.com/xap/1.0/ 
ÿî Adobe dÀ   ÿÛ  %%/$
$/,$##$,:22222:C======CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCC  $$3$
$3B3))3BCB>2>BCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCÿÀ  ø" ÿÄ ±                            
  !1AQaq"±ÁÑ2RS4ð¡BrTá#3sb²5ñ¢ÂCÒ$D 
    !1AQa"2R$ðq¡±#SÁÑBbr3Csáñ4¢²òÿÚ    ? íV^£¬²ÑÝM2Ü
·wæ;¬ê.´±Ãò± ]äTl¬jÝ¹¤v/yÚâ²ó À²5Èä ^e£¾»ÆæsOÿ \ ýÛ}+Ç[
]ÇyZH\ysWd^²<Ø-"ÜF àv ëx
§ÂzÅi!Cw·/JtGPY¾ið±GÚ|'¬UGk3ö¦&08@Û\!}ò>â·_ UÆ|qùUÕoW©Oàv ëx
§ÂzÅGi¬dJÜ&k,×»ÅMÙH
©Æb Y¾ið±GÚ|'¬V<{½¹zS¢:Íð;Oõ<Óá=b´=ÞÜ½(¢:Íð;Oõ<Óá=b´=ÞÜ½(¢:Íð;Oõ<Óá=b´=ÞÜ½(¢:Íð;Oõ<Óá=b´=ÞÜ½(¢:Íð;Oõ<Óá=b½ÛjÝMÙF
(Nb¯«nK´i¹)DæÎ àv ëx §ÂzÅi,«½e±?³ ¹Ý³ú§hó¥M¹H>Hq
/~ið±GÚ|'¬Us~ÑÂ2ó j±a«2èäpÊþºv¹¨ÄÎº£ Ìdì¢ fnx §ÂzÅ ið±F§¨¾Ì´0»UÛy
±1çk ç © b6ãxÌÑ<±LbØ KÀí>Ö(ð;OõÒY×W1Ió¶hTmÎõÙS öÉ" 9 x §ÂzÅ
ið±V/î]k  )µxÓo y{;. ÁH
`ÚãÖh³ÒAélT^ið±GÚ|'¬V«rëXL­ Mª¸\½9Fry©Ä!Wð;Oõ<Óá=b¥Óo y{;.
Á]Näï[·9Ê¨ç@Dfø §ÂzÅ ið±^µ Q¶0 Ï8Ó­ßu3E9}+D-ó2tÆ]Z¤Î¢Lf0Sø §ÂzÅ
ið±^,µ;û)[çÂ«UStóeEÉH :D$  ³|Óá=b´øOX­$*x÷{rô§Duàv ëx §ÂzÅi!
{½¹zQDuàv ëx §ÂzÅi! {½¹zQDuàv ëx §ÂzÅi! {½¹zQDuàv ëx §ÂzÅi!
{½¹zQDuàv ëx §ÂzÅ¢û2ÐÀjíWmä2ÄÇ®hw+äyÛã3DòÅDbØ
KÀí>Ö(ð;OõÒB£w·/JÔoÚ|'¬Qàv ë¤ »Á
¤n%¢¸©Fíé99ÀbYTð;Oõ<Óá=b½iï¼/ e¦Å §vwíLÛåPÏ¢# à,ß´øOX£Àí>Ö+I
®=ÞÜ½)Ñ Afø §ÂzÅ ið±ZHG ïn^Q Afø §ÂzÅ ið±ZHG ïn^Q Afø §ÂzÅ ið±ZHG
ïn^Q Afø §ÂzÅ ið±ZHG ïn^Q Afø §ÂzÅ ið±ZHG ïn^Q Afø §ÂzÅ
ið±ZJFënÀI©i;
°1qè!Î9ÌãÀí>Ö(ð;OõÒB«w·/JtGPY¾ið±GÚ|'¬VÇ»Û¥GPY¾ið±GÚ|'¬VÇ»Û¥GPY¾ið±GZÀò<­$'Ç»Û¥GPYíµ»¶ÆÖáß^¢¿c®g[Þ7²û§ð?úP]ZÇuAP|ã-6yÙÄµÍèúÔ%h
®o¡bh·ÒfuÉ¬±±ÿ =£í½m®Åq¦·Ýgu¶Ì±Ýîþkc=~O{ïô«Ë7FÆ;{¤y>u¤¸
Ô®Íô[-B X!Bä£ÑÞ1¹
ê7Õ£6µ4F)ÿ T¶Ò¶û9cs»¥ÓzÜºµeÓ2?Èx.ÿ 5zÀ¹h]¹ÉËBËÉ¥IlV-¥·s ©
®n¯[Ö/ßnqàçbO"£nË­:b öoÊ {UíVÅ×ml± éÀÓÚÒyR½(ÊÃn6CSÿ ¢T½ZU8
ì}Í$"¾öÅ6#ä0JsmÊîe SvlÉ%­^+oÜ­é°Ë\òÄÆSeGD_#w }1ÿ Í8ùyÑ ãONk>îy éln
 Ñ\1W'Ò¥È^&qx;ÇzÏ½ÍßÏgïæn^|(´&Ô®K
bJâGeÁtGàR7ONÍz<Ê"OÑ¯ä¤9·ª÷³ÞÜwx]µ-Ãi*Ö§¾Þ²Ê(â("­qa=­Çxf.
åÝEP<¿y»E/OÃ~­^Ï"¥¿D]öëe4ºL±°¾)^yþõ&¨>æ±K¨<9u+XY
."Ç¹K¤éÎµ¬{î§ «¸Ow{§ÿ  ©«ÿ :<µ&:ãí¥eC%Ä·&&<âá·`Z¬Ò^ÐáÛ;cö*m+/s¹
«ñ-4ÞºsÜÄ­Î0²b#H%Í
&Z;×#¦ÛrPº¸Ù±¬&´ W5jÙôùËnv¸ÒÄòö5ÎI Éi)JQ
ÚmÖlý©Ø ¼¼]¼²¹»C\G`è,k¦sÐÜF@p ì+}
Å½­°ÎßW|âm^åêú¤éØÀjót*Z@Çgkµ­7¬·j·N[ãCè¢4Ë
Ä¼äùk´*¾ë+P®ÜõD¯ÐS¬Hÿ Bù½ 3½Jk}>KXé%pè­nÀ7/:äJævms¨
rV¥£K`BÚ"¾wÍ¾RÇ ê$bTD^ä%¤ÝJÛÁÎ.iÌ1âÖ¦kFÂ iYz
æ86¯Ä´ÓaOY·KÌc2CI[G¾F[¬m¹ÉÕxðúV³ô®ço¥C¡-NÀóè Æ­¤¶sX F WzE
ÌÍ¥µqÁÂP.td;¢N/BÎYõIòg,`© Ü=ªmFÊKh ls åmî4ÉûF0½7RòkèYk&»O
ImÃ³þÝUöeSÖ§Ð>ßúÖY$O´´ç88SpZkÎykZ-õÊÔô·\¸K£éB «Þ5+qG70
¿ê¤Ô¬n;^ÞH­r°¦ÝZä :]å uFÝrµlG~#ìÉ¡³ª,$sÙ¥xµÔ P&­~o¥=cP7ö ¸tÎ
eÅôý´­ÈÒA5Ø¬jút¿·fÃ¤Þee<´yuÕÆ/Tc-RÌÀ¶¿JÐFÖfm×÷ ¯½ UÍ
ù÷!ÑË*"¬n*Ì¢Ð 6B¿§E#_,laÝ´u9ièUóàÌ]'Ü$ÅÇ Pë rÓ¡¨A=ûx^ã
vM?¢×. 9*KÓu sc¯âyJ}6{¶[z»c^n E£
/wMèÕVòÍBNæ£JÕ.íhöµÄÓÒ'ªz ¯´Îâii¯t=÷¶ÎkXò hàF>Å`ùô÷¹¯Î¦ÁÁcµ;
Å©1½P-±²E¥ }6»+ã{28ÃE¬Ìî·nB3 s,=IWE² 4b|«Rê e³ÇïemFÏ"wag¶ej5
c¥&©v,îÁ ssÒÿ «öæPÚ]¾+¦²9 ã. Çx< Ib{¸-ÝÏ}p9}¡xt í³>'®è<pg¹ná4î½
úÕZ×µOüÞÞ¥±eôñþFú^¹¹\ê\ ©hÒØ#P6£È¹ä'`>
:Jº#âIN°îa{¥&âá­gÂ×cæõ­§Z@ÀÓÌÁ íf&â'¾^.F/Ä GÍVIÝ9
ÅÄÂÝàÛLçqÛö+rêC%yÚæyÖN¡ ÷9^ÈK0  | -G±Î°Èsva¹iG"×ÌËÏ
Ä÷Äô®¾42ÊÒmä¸k^XÌ3eÚW»ØfÓ\×Ç#O _iÂêÌ9â'9§7aç
Ý¾çRsXØZ8ûVJG&û]]Zt»¨ (Ó^ÕË»§MaÛ7¢M6sÐ¯ZÜø \I9ÎÓ]Á{ÁÝË»Ç
SZ§ÜMdÓ¡{ªk+.ò÷mÙgâ<F Ó£5kÎ&Z;Õ¦YZâ+KWX`ÍÑÄn &ö §¾2+L
å`ª&½ å¬Úº0ß¹Û*×Ý|Ãæ ø ×Ì>`ª¦v³ò¡î =ÞÙV|Bëæ 0O¿Ý|Ãæ
²hîÖ~T=Ðñw¶Uÿ uó'ß®¾aó]4wk?* èK¼]í?~ºùÌßn¾aóhîÖ~T=Ðx»Û*~ûuó#¾]|Ãæ
ÑÝ¬ü¨{¡.ñw¶TÝòëæ0G|ºù§Ì)§Ý¬ü¨{¡.ów¶T½îëæ0G{ºù§ÌhGv³ò¡îw½²¥ïw_4ù;Õ×Í>`£B;µt%ÞovÊ½]|ÓæïW_4ùðwk?*
èGy½Û+ßzºù§ÌÞ®¾ióáîÖ~T=Ðó{¶W¾õuóO#½]|Óæ ÂÝ¬ü¨{¡
æ÷l¯}îëæ0G{ºù§ÌhGv³ò¡îwÝ²½÷»¯|Á îëæ0Q¡
ÚÏÊºï7{eIß.¾ió»å×Ì>`£I.ígåCÝï7{eKßn¾aówÛ¯|ÁD;µt'Þ.öÊ¾Ý|Ãæï×_0ù
$wk?* èO¼]í7~ºùÌßî¾aó HîÖ~T=Ðx»Û*~ÿ uó%â_0ù$wk?* èO¼]ícÄ.¾aó¼Fëæ
0UÒGv³ò¡îø÷;eYñ¯|Á/ºùÌdÝ¬ü¨{¡>=ÎÙV¼Jëæ 0KÄî¾aóU$wk?* èG
çl«~'uó#Äî¾aóQ$»µt) ×;E\ñ;¯|Á )uó*hGv³ò¡î 1v}¢´"ÖnXzDtfÙÖ<µÁµB éÍ-
Ú¼­ 
b$Xà)BJÐºÏ¡úýK]]ßÐ?ý~¥Ê/ûgùG°®¾Êºé¿Sý+Ifè¿MúéZJÿ «?ÄT¡ÕB¨SB!B!B!B!B!B!B!B!B!B!eë¿àoç
¹åÐë¿àoç ¹åë?ªÿ óÇçS¡4ÒMuVÓ¡¸à6ïY®_£ÇBÑnÅx¾S 4#g:G©\ÒI.s]  
2^±EJ($*ÔñEP¶s& ¡Ë]2ÜBæóVD~$zBi¡ jç&I¡$&ÓIB©-Ã{8vïw
Î0IYjÔïHBØrTÓ\2,.øFÕ\¾i¿à8 «KOXÔ´.$çî¦ÓìT¯¾¹`©±Ò
ùX'zsHÐºöù{6.Qvì[@ Z½ o­Ás¿SÊAªðcÓá~c+r
¬üUáï2ç»ÔI%Ä´¸Ñ¡G&4r621ºAÀùVraÏÎ´Båè¼¢X
Daæ]gXûµ2En3³ZvGZóÜ7®yöÕÑ²ZÊÀIPm ªÖÖo¸p-k[µÏ42±#.¡Å¶â7$j×ëß¤ZÎ?³XßøHuGÛe\ÄH ¼7h¦!cÜéïÊ
Zv [VÊd'-ÏY}ÁYÜ©U¦Q¿)Ðz¤'ÃeÀ`ïíR«WñCyaàvxò
É»9¼Zíó 'µëX®rgÇ²æÞ¦*ÂKÒKRÀ¼¤½$ÒI4I&TÑFRGB²2"#JÚâWºSb^EÇÌÍR]¨@@STðF(ÅPSF(ä)ty8RéQB«=¹MQµµÚ®µtÛ;5*®ÛÝjªJY¶æQ®'PvÁ`i,ø¤!M0º¿
úýK]]ßÐ?ý~¥Ê/ûgùG°®ÎÊºé¿Sý*ÝÜÆ_(-ÑTÑ~õ?Ò¦Ôþ_ÊUwß=¿¥8õ:3Núåm¥Uý/YÎ1¹¹^G°4ËÉísö
Î]JàM<ÊÖaaE±£FÞäÀ £ÍË¤[·j×q¬7¡MÌ¥H-õ¦ê¾a4ÊæûÃÖ³Ý¯M4
¶gIçÁhÙÁdîíG,i×vrZ»0ãÆ¡¡fS ÙD
¶ZÚfµÞäìdnWî¦ÃEçQ×[lóMÎáï°r*ZV¢ ÀxÛÄôÃ vnUWFKàdÄôiåà'9Ê°Òùçõ(ÖH 
IÍ^ù#ÚêOþ;|Åt,{dh{MZEAX_ÉÞÎ7~,ÔòQ]ÐM+ÿ *yÊÏz¨ßirÄ)Ä#R»6pZ
*JÔ
}æÐÓã_ú7s·Ò¹ý=÷ÍaîË\hÇÊ¥jÄnX2ÀJ®±èJS"{Ëu§ºóºäÎYU¶¸«ó~Ã/¿¥Ï½X¾½uÕÙI
pµÅ¸Ww7eÎTF0À¼iFæuàºÕu÷ÞëeÍ6õmxlîaÉ ×aäâÿ -úÔcÊW¼(2Í8®­
ÖeÀFâBáU Û.4¹ÚþÐ¸qÇ*¸òï¦
!HÜgÃ%¯¬>Öä@Ö\O*óP¸qq0Ó¥C½cjî¾cÂ#*MbW¶ù­ t0]<=ÐæRÞó®¥
ÖfÀFâB¸UW¹uÐÍ!sðujqçUG¨DÖ QpÆÑì¹}júGÜ÷`òÈÛ@â9wn £®EÍu¤¦Fí Ôy
Päå(øÈ8 ô Ý ùf
«ZÜÝßm\¹qéSjØ®lmk½àÐ=i@F1@u+rÌ³õßð7óA\òè5ßð7óA\úôÿ ÕÏùäó¿©Ði&º«
õ)PÅµJ}+|4ö®­ðØ é¬/4¥-ëjÂÕ°52´åþ rÅÊ8"N¥á4Êã÷ûWiÇ`#¡
¯-ùtf4¹ÅÀ ¸ÿ Eë6?ü/$pË^c³ÐCªÞÒÓC´ mWòÿ ©? ^ZW¤ÒMu ¡
¤i(î%ì]û:D ¢12"#2¡¸¸ö1íüGØðèÐÐ`á?ÎÞ«Á§EkktIqÜ¥9Ï EÌêõ
Ý)Áµè·æJfR®C²l[-6¥¼ÿ cûQ¨jsj¬®èu»¿ OfæÜæzÑ£ú¬%y¡Ö®¶¤ dz
ÏpH³+ @ÍMhÞójûfÚgf`¥t¦Æ% ¬~| Öà³£¶sö«-µhÚ¢b
l­ìzW¹;sçÎ_¥±å"ñ<Þeý=ÄÒXEÜBñØ3ðëV`C?¥K0]B´øatÒ=Ä¾(Úù^
#¼Ib7GB 6î*(æ¸QÍvÂîÒ>Æ&ÙZ¸ jyR¤¾1U[ Óõ)ì '¼ÝÅuö÷ë0äv5Ã
yÝöÞ¸5wMÔ a;fn x %Q.%Ò ZÝØÉúJ°­Ëa ü!öÕ#31¨'U%íYSï Î¶r÷
O¬2Ú²sí¿Çéì"I¤µ, $HRI Ú
ªáíÉhåË\ôÔÐm<ÆXþ@÷´F0;+ÈreS¯Sè-l-'HÖ .5ô©Û¦Û7c.d
Á9"tFO.ÕÓ>[{<  Ìo±T¸-A®#WåËå¨õ*°iç@OaH! )6v J K>Ð¢]>\n>µÎ¾wÛRHB
\WQwôÿ _©r«»úÿ ¯Ô¹Eãlÿ (öÛÓùWQ¢ý7ê¥Y¿ÒÛÈÆ
¸´mé¿Sý+ISxÓzR%ô©G2ÃÐlgµ20m1 ¼Ù 
¡BíÃrfrÌêN1¤2åæÒ.ìæí,ñ¨EG!®Ô¤Þ_J
vh7JÓu(Z;åÆÊ53TØ¨pF¥GPÓwbÞo¹ÉEËMRÝÁÈxúw.± »|Ä )a(æÒNP¾KJÑ
yÞ¥U¬5 :B`Â¢>EÔ¡HsSy4³$pÆ .wNÒ® qÞ®° æ¦'É±y¿Ñ§sqi¼æ 4 ®ïw+¯
 fõ®QÚv¡~ñÞ0{©.ÞÛÆØ±¢T(]¿+DN0ÇJÏÖ-ä¸¶tq
Î$aåPèVÚÄöÌÜ¤º£Ãk!D]¶láI."ª6Í6äj ¹göûBìÕ<éÞéSÅuÞmÚ$i9²m;p+£B·½MÁaÕ¥µ
úV¥½ä³f0kLû·¨Îqâ=¾Oíç®j¡B]æNHCÆEr:à.¾£p$2Y4ëûéy
ØRE±u¤Es8Îpp¦Áh«5L -e±$eæQá¹/çu-6ynÛ$L« `­FäõM>â{Á,l«\j7.
¨óSà7E*FØ/µsÚq5è6U&5­i÷7 &fhh;¨âWBGLp0A¶ íX¶,p p.iâ9×
¾A(âfþ©]  ÌDH`ÀP Ö&±mw#ÙÝse+²úÂ×8FÐïx4WD*¥pÊ1
Ý*B,IÖ²µßð7óA\úè5ßð7óA\úôÿ ÕÏùäó¿©Ði&º« ôÓCU?*®º Ýív5u5.j\è+g+<íô
[K²ïÎÿ q¿yà·¤æ¦Áº¥x³A X9üêÀ9\ ¶ a[ll&S; ¦1LÁ7º$pU Ómà¾}ó^ò_gCLÇ
ý¶UZ#05ß_½92AÐcl¸¯,|SÞÉ »Ò¤L¤8ð ÓíÈ¨éÚ\qÑ=ït¸ ÃÝ`òz6À
wUu;K#_ÅØ;Ú²§·u³Ìo¥yX¹K¹ò¹çyÃhåFù;^p Ú¢M$×IrSM$ÓI5Mç¶ÍÜ¥['($îVtXÄvæãñ½ÎÇ
Õ$Ä[ ioäLa9s-èÖt*?Ê¯`ÚßÜw1ÄË+7×âwÈw9e[b !]··§IÊhóº«D
*äYk³n­éd±4!V·!B«qo\B¶`²®p sXû¬\ÇÕUÕËC+¦þ-v{NîïÎß&$áÕàÔP?hàV ¤æ 
ÜBì5 ­{oÆÂÒ Ä ¶ @DÇÙQÜ"vLq»£Q$5ÙpÞ* Õ\4M$&ÚÜÜÈ#ßÌ¢^áÂñ#v´ÕB`È
ÙYl(­ 9Öó9òâ:'wùÛÍFÚÆhíçÍAZwqÇ«F¡Euá#>õéòUçnÀ=I4e 
¢rgØ-µW: ¨½yÍÛ Å +5)^ ñ§-Tâ0 ]NºO2òè  ìÄÞÞÏ\\} JðO´Þwâ¥&ÐAÒ±µ
ÃÛ³a=.~>_JÊ Ó1¥w.ªé¢X Þ-+t [¾3¼´½ h¤jT¤vcUá4f1#BäJFDÈéBI¤SN9®¢ïè
þ¿RåWwôÿ _©rÆþÙþQì+»§ò®£EúoÔÿ JÒYº/Ó~§úTÚË­m+=áò*®ÄÊô¢32oZKD
â#VÏ¼t§;súyUí;SKIkÒ!VÃú)Ï`L%U&hesXmK Bã ½E-
Ä³#1 ¿mKLÔee²IWv~áw.äçÊÙTA lÐ.>at(\l1Ö>{òº´fc´û9þÉâöl£le§7ª7yqluÞCØSßBÓBã­Zu
ë²**~Ø{A»ÂFbðÖæmxðò©O0NbÕ>Ô Ç9fº4.Z-.îñÏ}Ót«±õìRhs9ï¹iss
zRå¥õù@ ÎºT.^]6wv^ËVã?mÊÏñËdkÚòKJ»)rà@ÜÄ©Ïü )âÄ3­ô."2ë©
ã0W7IÇy[Ú5£¢.Ê%iI*Wyan$ã©¾£:Ke aXºs ËX*G m"æ[k³g#ªÚ¹¸ñ 9Ñ.TÆ'{~"£ t
rÀé]2/&vÀ^é1='{z SO81ìÙïTyÝ£D§ ìEeÀ§5Ö!ròh·lî¡£Òw±G¡Å4ó3 ÍõIÇ
Ú4JqºÄV\ s]b Z!B!B,­wü üãÐW<º wéÛùÇ ®yzÏê¿çüÅqùßÔèM4]U 5§¤^i
_î?o!Ü³QDâbt§HHh]È¹H9AS®WMÔ
£èìcw¼=k¨FÈÐö´ì!rîÚ6å÷t.¥¢ä~öé»sC¶ùÕ}=ñ»8 ýØ*UÊó[Q5RÞÉÍràNæ3Ý
Õbi Þhm $pTµ+ÓlY Ø}ËR\Ü:æC#·ì ulÛáÇï ×ýÓr_td½&¼«öl99[Äïò+e8À<*a
LÓ åSMkÃ¤²7ÙÕhÄn¯?ÛÊ¢¿¹³± £óèU âR«YÔ­<¹L®HGPÖ±î'
ErØº->BìKü©CäåToÂï'¥ij4î iëûê©æÜÈºÕÊÈFÄÅ/\ã 6Ã¡YVµ¡hÚ6ªÊzT"y#Û
æ´ùhº§|W6ÏmÚrÂ0 ôvùUD9[íÊD¡×*´ll! .&ycc-;
×ÞRË¥Å4¯tÂØótCä¡§È¬iâ(lî?÷#kØfvã´  §)á» ·ÛÏÝi){ãi{æe9Gº+ZÜ
-ìè¦<æ¨ÞÞJªægi¶PºÞlî|Æ4 &É m: b¡m]Êé­"¿8NÙ
ð)U÷ä«6:Jö¸à_ÌwT3q´lé\uÓjÚ¬å©rKIÄ¬K%ñ¾
Ù¼º]:2ÌZZ;C¾£äåâ¸ÅÛèÿ @3lìä¯ßë¢8#b¦¢å¹SVózVu¡ÍJ
/ð/¥nX_ÆÆv3ãí]9FÜeÕuÈ¢2»(ÊTâX¬Üd3¾°¸Ò®¦#­æø3FÞ!F<Ä$ÁØjrå®DÎ¥i-
:ÜÓo];×í m)Àê´W+ ÎâFm ªµ¹eËÙå /µAª#t®Ç+~¸Ó.°õ¯Mn`¤êª]ÚÉ!A!ãÊÓÎ=jZ^¿
§£xFÐ,«ZÐx¯:JÆ æYY Kä 4o(C²­w?w Ò  år²ÐB·©jñÔFßtzÊ¤ü  l-oÖ%b¹xL\n¨
4It=$i)Ç5Ô]ýÿ ×ê\¢êîþÿ ëõ.QxÏÛ?Ê=
w´þUÔh¿MúéV¯cH^ÙF'«¢ý7ê¥h=¥®i!Sxµé RúT£Õ eÊ²ÍÌS À06¥ÁµÄî
^uãLK{kÙ´´yO©j;øÝ¹uC VpÅ`Öô¡ VÉó0¥ºõN öªÅ²ú/ea
Í¬³Èê=§¸ó¯VrI5ðík\<õ> ¦ïãväÔ9àpÃØ´­,b´ggÀí®5EÎj
H&F;¡(:¬¶|ØzW9¤Ù[ÜÁ+æ÷³eÚ¤Ðn$)ÈÄ5¹Àÿ *ü¿ÇmÞâæ4
ÃbÐ´²Ò>Î1ÚNÓÎÞb±2¬ÓöY8À46kÓ,ãÔ_+î CK »OXþ;pæJøv²
ÕæÞ¯KürÝî.isk¸lV`Òa·ñ²µxÊçþ*'s·(È9"LÑnªQ4ëXºªë×÷x\À¸WðZzc-,ãvI÷Ó3Ëq4
 ÿ æ­þ7ýÞÅfËFÎNÑq4"¦ÿ " ËM¾ ¹ëyÊqÊGZk
°9ßÛépÛÎ³4+1òBâL!®qä¦ð´fþ;o#\ÊîÛ-:&Æ*O¼çm)¶£nPÊ'ìô§L8mÖ²¬¬4ÛþÌ¹ô
Ò£b­üx¸\½5ai¯´fþ;n÷4¹Ü6+ÖZ|VM-bv¸í)Îü(ëfû) ËÐ\ »s
hr¹¸ñ"Ôöú©s1ÜkÈZ÷$Oí1kÜ»ÔÖ:\651Ô¸à\å)sÈÀõÎ4Ó© T?ÜDØ[øÍ]Ì?ªÐÒí
µ³¼Îç+ÅöóÃäsm=þÅw#Á ¨æï%0 FG¡aÿ #¹,°·ñ»U¡¥Û
kf3yÎWí&+çÈç(Ú{ýÈðaj9»É BhBeb!B!B²µß§oç
¹åÐë¿NßÎ=sËÖUÿ ?æ+Î~§Bi¤ê¬)¦hQMX¶»ØÖ7SÜ« bRodjqG[C-èuá²VyZ}_ÕjEy
­Î× rà¸£7 º-2ZiÏyÜ è\ÛÑ¶:®¥¸ß ªzÔ×Ül4gÒCÈiÕ¡ÿ Ò
ÿ éHýuòg,Z^6óðU#ÿ Ä¿óûáÎ®Ã7ÛgGÿ çö+cH&4Üó¨ÌâUû»[ØÀé#Ö
;ò©ïunë?c5[VÓi'`Yú·þ>ßôVfhv¯ w2¿sB"©ýCèe'9
m;U}ÄÎfdx^ouwÅ1Þ>ÑÍ~ßRØjãòz+G]Í°ivc79å@µk¤@$àå ¶­í>ù·±v
ÑÍàUµÎÛ[_[C3Ø îinZ ç7{I}ã³÷Êþ  q®Ï"ÏvÌEs£H9>:>µ8Èà.¤Õ
ÁGmï<å'çÜ³¿ÅØÏ`øÁ 6cöåVîfÖÉäò4¸qÃú)ÝU1¼%&ÙË¨>[aý
Úp[ëÞ1c©wxkÙÈÚí¦úúÃÌõ¢GVÚÛj¶ :,ªÄ!B!YZïÓ·óA\êèµß§oç
¹Õë?ªÿ óÉæúý ¦Ua+ÒkÊhQVìnÍ¤¢AØáÈºÆº;ê(æ8.-/phÚMKa§r ö:lÝ_G­bæc
$í%³±ÏøYZ>êH:Ýr©m VÆ?¢ëôë®b6²Ð<C_¾»½µßñwW=¹ìÉØ h< bgÕ©t%¹::Ñû2
iT^KOíE®ü¬ÙçY¬·EÛÌ\òCÍ¸s¯rÅwg {cI§­G Ä/°Üt -,¦ý£M2>
mQ>N½Çcæ,«2v·o7:o²HÒàÇ»!<ëÍ½äPÝ ZÒØéJ
»(ªI4½ÅÇÕ0$Nx2OZ39ÏÖlTµb)¾»v!»½3å Óßo"!úäeµ4ËÚeéSó-;OâÏa­Î?ñf?zq¶ø£+¢.AYvöwÄµc  tÜÖáÎyWS
0èðçwD7_yîûy:ÑÙB-£ Üq í qå>u»îÖl]¹¼p$ÑkR¢ì
!·e¼r·¯Î¼Ns»i6tpVItaÓÉ»vW¦nL¹)$Jj´/+ÒI&ò½$ %å"½/$ÐT¡0©CD&¦©,v¶9­
'Oï²ô¿ÆÜ]ì]dÅk ]F´l Å ü~ê6µÐ8åq9ãÈ´/tæL\ò\\]N'¢<¥f´ËE[À<åË®¥2
àeííÊâÝ´4Áy]h ÉqÉ$,×&h^R+ÒòP§ Âéîþÿ ëõ.Quw@ÿ õú(¼gíå
Â»ú*ê4_¦ýOô­%¢ý7ê¥i*/þ¬ÿ RT*zo¢ÈM
1k¸Ýîg5V6ÿ È2éP¾bvãLrÑ³Ì KªéÏ» C¹âáJr¯Z­­`Ùe¢
Þio²íÒ/µfÉa#¯ÙtÈÖÐû'/¡ÓÞËÙn Zc{rÓ~ïbÓB8Òfû´ô"ëuÏ7E¹c
$¥»H®4û}·)¤L,]kVç.ÍZnä[hV fál°
å¤(ðÂÈ¾Òå¸µFZÖ6î±y¾mÕF@Ü´ß½h!C6o?þ³N³ü]Td
ËMûk½2åºâÍá¥þð?b¶~`¥¶ À j¡¥Ø(ÈqÌ÷ Î*ú«äe,Ê !fØXIm<Ò¼Ù
VÓnÒqÁi!FRÍ>:&¡¥NùÍÅ«²¹Ã+ñ¢³o¥6+G[8Ô¾¹ËýüÌcêýzhëD¹{Ë 
_Õ4×ÝË ²ÊÍ i¡Hó ðÃÑ~PF¦M ÆæéÙ¤"zÒc|rN×»5 1­G ZÕQC
ilbãÎRã!*¾Ó±"ÌÊT! :!B,­wéÛùÇ
®utZïÓ·óA\êõÕÏùås}~Ðkª°Ó^SBô¤< f4áU D»mMSÊ½!C¡t ë ' <ée
Xö(ÔìS Ë?1)J;Ä:5å5%Ï^^SBKÒkÊhI4ÒM &HMExKï xïPæày ¶¦å\ë
u­69«¶Ã ZìÖ
xÿ öCýýè¢ðn¬%vSK×3}ÞÕ àqQXµ¡Q.^YF~¦ß9h)ÙÄê%^ðí>¿µN9½[~ån4èÝ1­hÙ%O8áÃz§Ü
ø~ò½¶ÖìhK»Ü?j#Ìy«NoÚ^ yú½´á¬¯ü-kH
Z¬ÁÞ¥$Ã±48h Ü ¢jÁËD©R9ÙÂ&YÉQEnÈ}Ñòv©PÒ Ädd^EÊBI$I
¤$hI4¤wPeSªrI «¥£¢ÄA Â t¦æ µP¯Q H*®S¤Kbç¤i!4½$P§
Âé®þÿ ëõ.Quw@ÿ õú(¼gíå
Â»ú*ê4_¦ýOô­%¢ý7ê¥i*/þ¬ÿ RT,_RÉÌl-kë´è*züñ½¢æ0ÖàéRkr6;g»µÕ'8*úÖ£ã
'f­hy©ÛjÜe`Ûq j¬ÕR[Ùh]:õÕÁ6¦Ê3»Èuq
É³»9c¿ªÉÝåMn2ª-­YXvõ«1j>ò[bV73v×w/*Kºæ"ùÛÁÔ¥ÂÏ¶4Õ.øÿ ïMÔdîR\Ls8ÓÌ(<êÙÚîDeIúÒÇ
«m êf1z Vîøx}êö£};Vöý
eÆ»[Éé¯2¬òÒDJ'7:7N°Ù-¤,]:ââgtìÆå´©¹lÀ±ÇH#J.²õ}S¸´èd;râé¶ðß°
Ós¾mã7;4ÌÞÐ×ÝK6.hû×Á¶x15HÔuä«¨ï>-nI%k'fVÉî8W×µYÔõGZ¹°ÂÜò»mÃÈ©ë-É±{¶tõWð·ÿ ö©QlµÑ
Údiü%r7_HÅ^Ó5
üÃej¾°ôÑQ¸hØqûÿ ªÜYoÄF{¸Î$P!P¦!B!B!B!BÊ×~¿z
çWE®ý;8ôÎ¯YýWüãñËæºýM$.¢ÄBi¤Ô¤ª+y¤nf1ÎhÀ¨ÄfU¶ ]×÷/5Ý°¯N4
N!Ng©/qïDPK?øçshMpJ¸À¢èÝR¦¼ÅéIa!zMyRCæpdc3àyMO-Ä-Ï$n
ãE$#4Ó^SMEzMy^ãÒ¸1®;ÈBµá_-Ê[ÈÆ Òp! r(0Ìá ÜpI+\æ4Ü\x/ º&
ê(Ý+*ã°4773ØàÑ´ÑC®¦±Î´'4$&X;àÜä §
¯(C!$ÒBhINû9£pcCî*9b|N,x£ÐRprR¤Â$ÒBI4IÏkv5Áä q8$ãZ:WgLæ ôFÕÌÞätï-I<®¶·;²¶v4år«-T¤VþjM@.Fdo·Å
6u¬D#¹4 ú½JÆ>Gº3±Â¸b®´æcÜ) 7úÀDA ó¨ÿ ´äDùq¬¥YÇÖçab3I$ÒBi$SH¡J9
Ó]ýÿ ×ê\¢êîþÿ ëõ.QxÏÛ?Ê= z ?u/Ó~§úVÍÑp·#x{ÇÞ´
ÇêÏñ(uBÀÖãl6Ìv-s¨G!pZPiv¶î0 6Iô¯W6ÜÉ
¯$:3VÓfÚã¶¥+§FD05âIXíWs¤4hÊO0ö"g¶ãU³5ÈÞ
+Jÿ MøÒ¡ÃcÔ¬4È¬A,©qÚâ­ãB±âQChó¨Ò]´;¬ëüÇä?üU[Fé3ñ×Í­Öiñ²wÜìÏHÂ¹9³°Ò#
*æ¸sr&y;büæÛëT­u(mì!5-¹AÆ»?ª¡¨ñy ó#
¼mûyUáüvØI®-­rWz÷OõaÝ-ÚmBuA÷Î§úLc¡e[XÅ àiÏ ôHâÓ¿Ê½éúí'lÅà× 8ë
*\Ê 39_UÜæ$æ0ÄÅ cõfÒ/ò_¦oç
õrzó3Yðºµ~úÅÌÈH æèý4²HÌOi*0¼"-k>¤Ì^­¡súì¹e´qK8nØÎs`Õó<Ð=¸ÍORµg¢Ak'j
q îmÊký2+à3Ô9»
Ük``)'ñb£L³Ò¨iN_\JÜ[²¾_è·Uk+(ì£ìãç$í*ÊËzbsxõCÐ¬a*T!B!B!B!YZïÓÎ=s«¢×~~qè+^¯ú¿ùÇâ+Ìõú!uV2E7
ò6]ÈÊA¢$"\¥U,7ÂkyóÚ;3½QÁÔ­ãÇj÷4²Nüòâî4¦ÅBkDaLiY§:¥R²íFç 9k@ èú5
4Ø½f6.{,·[m }ñ­ n V¥Ê "k-ØöºµãsÝênMÝ?{ ¼ëÐ¼7 {²ì¦bn]¯&@½ÎûU­
RñóÔ­ù\ÙÚ34zRbßÓäcÑ¸9
áJûÉä_#;s¶e*FÝáÒF¡o³OÏÂ0XXKøVE¡hv60ì¯pÊ?+·°µî l £º2K
à]ïPíQ6¤F'ÉÔ èâ-¯-L·/\Ù,¢èQ®ËÒø6)æ#
ÍÚòó®w¼Ë²Ìr|5ÁêbÎÏ;²|5Á>Ò$¹à5.ÖÍt1L$»Î\0G+Ø65ÎÈSïST
î«EÁDçI©;J bq.¡räf]æ)fd/Áí¤<Ç ·±QÞ7Ü\Jæv`nV~¹÷\Êç¹î. \BBê`ó
{³®®*¡d¥¡].b2Î:~ Ð:ÎØ½¬, |ÑÂà>íþeéºe³²0";^^q\ã®%sûBâ^?qGy
î«ýìvó§Âi.4; _íy¸{_#Á¤£V:;T«ÉWHZ9ªb@RÉR
ï@¨5UÌ©QeáObßÞ!µ{ñ;ÇFb/%®9?yQ41Ú½P!]n9íÑ<Jp^Ohòøp4ËZUCsw=Ñ¬Î.¦Êîò/d!Bv¤K*Ûw£ª¯l¨<j)¨ÆÜÁ|¯@3I$ÒZD;HìBs
¦»úÿ ¯Ô¹EÕ^X;ý~¥Ívà¼gíå Â½Êºkf÷kËS½Ý³9ìWÒ×,¤v[ËqY¡ÚßÇ±Cks
ÔbHÍAû¹¹Û&3â¬½©Zt :
ÏW!B!B!B!B!B!B!B!B!B!B²õÑ[qÈáè+]Ý¸¸Ññs®BF:78P^úÚ6þÔK¶Â¹üÌMUh)!]&«!4ÒBjzMyM
)­s¡É&µÁÍ 6 VBÞ°×mkÙ<#svgv?o2®u¸§wÓfi> {òÜø×ðìQË¡:ùX
jÖØ£µÔ¢ÊKw½Ù¹7oò-õÛxÛÃ-;7å"¼û~Ûg2Ö¬ÙÏR¦mZtøäÊÀ\êgü^ñ©µm.[v:2jq}i³UQö
µ lèûÄúÔ¡oyohá+Ãº¾n3j¢Ò%¤w1M
¸»uAQË¢t,åÌ6(ôÍB;X¦cÁ¬§1ö¯SjQ¾ÖZxÜ k³
×QlÔ£¹@|ÇÖ´nthÄlkZF,¯HíÇË±Es¢¶K£.kF\Ùvå¥<ûW½RÚYâ¹`vv{¸ýø«ö0]^ºXsUÌéæä-8ä­kr4ëzEÎø"íÚð
rWu¹cf!Ì tÃsSºÔmÙí kºN«³sãè^&½´
»4±ÎfMN;ø)¼ÈÇJ¨`¸lJvM¹dç)#ð´cO¶åtL/£ \2ñËµFëàÃeZD*15rÓ~½¥¡Ý
(1.ä¯Ú¥Ü ])lìÆ ^lU1£»îZPý¨ '20òÁ[+vâqÃ ±ÖªK¤K NKW4mûb þÄÙ9¬sq
Ü´-õ¶$§³}:#eØ¡ïöÓI4 ./ÿ  %<¼Ê`Ì á±VclÓß-*y4ÞÞ;v01 í®a\z5ÅWC( {\Y\Í
nÑYX½Þ¡ßÚm øi*ªÄrÚ:³dÃßâ-ªÂ- ?øúÖ*I¤´¬¨III$I
¤i!4;SÚB$~gDÎÜxU âg,¶ÜL¤ [_v­÷æ,`ûªWEá¶ÿ  ÊÑ­Ýw1Ôem2ÀÓÃ{¼¿mË
^s»}·­¶êô.Åb½!aßh¯læÀH}øÏ¸ÿ aû`-³¦[S¥Õ!ß Õ/
ºò´ó§n£jìD¬ò¸!p®÷wøu} ¼VÈ×¥ïöß5vûQßí¾k:íö¡ ¯
÷½J[Ûßí¾k:íö£¿Û|ÖuÛíBð¾÷©Ûßí¾k:íö£¿Û|ÖuÛíBð¾÷©Ûßí¾k:íö£¿Û|ÖuÛíBð¾÷©Ûßí¾k:íö£¿Û|ÖuÛíBð¾÷©Ûßí¾k:íö£¿Û|ÖuÛíBð¾÷©Ûßí¾k:íö£¿Û|ÖuÛíBð¾÷©Ûßí¾k:íö£¿Û|ÖuÛíBð¾÷©Ûßí¾k:íö£¿Û|ÖuÛíBð¾÷©Ûßí¾k:íö£¿Û|ÖuÛíBð¾÷©Ûßí¾k:íö£¿Û|ÖuÛíBð¾÷©Ûßí¾k:íö£¿Û|ÖuÛíBð¾÷©Ûßí¾k:íö£¿Û|ÖuÛíBð¾÷©Ûßí¾k:íöªbÆïJÀï=µBÖ:ã]z'û2Ëu
ôn"#Àz×á î!ë¡ ¼;ëùXÏÉÑÜcýÄ=tw~â ºò¥Gày:}Å¸®âÏÜC×Bñ¾T¥áü
Å¸®äÏÜC×Bã|©KÃìõ£¹3÷õÓîlýÄ=t! 7Êx}´w6~â º;?q]Gò¥/
±>èßÜC×Gtoî!ë¡ñ¾T£ÃlGuoî!ë£º·÷õÐxß*RðÛî­ýÄ=tÅ¸nËGëBã|©GØvoî!ë£»7÷õÐxß*Qáv#»ÜC×O»ÜC×Bã|©G
Øî?q] Ü~â ºåJ^b;ûzèìî!ë¡ñ¾T£ÂìG`?q] ýÄ=t! 7Êx]ìî!ë¦!¦ËGëBã|©G
Ø`?q] ýÄ=t! 7Êx]ìî!ë£° ¸®#ÆùR ±zteÞõÌGëÏw ¸®#ÆùR Øw
¸®ìßÜC×Bã|©G ØìßÜC×Gvoî!ë¡ñ¾T£ÂìGuoî!ë¥Ý[ûzèB

> ---  
> |  
> ---  
  
' b'GIF89a 6 Ä  ÎÍÎÿÿÿ·µ¶$ !qopçæçPMN¨¦§967ööö  #
½»¼-*+[XYíìì><=²±±ÚÚÚâáâ301¡  zxyÆÄÅfcdGDE®¬­ñïð!ÿ XMP DataXMP
ÿþýüûúùø÷öõôóòñðïîíìëêéèçæåäãâáàßÞÝÜÛÚÙØ×ÖÕÔÓÒÑÐÏÎÍÌËÊÉÈÇÆÅÄÃÂÁÀ¿¾½¼»º¹¸·¶µ´³²±°¯®­¬«ª©¨§¦¥¤£¢¡

~}|{zyxwvutsrqponmlkjihgfedcba`_^]\\[ZYXWVUTSRQPONMLKJIHGFEDCBA@?>=<;:9876543210/.-,+*)('&%$#"!
   !ù     ,     6  ÿ` dihª®lë¾p,Ïtmß¸\ |ïÿÀ
pH,ÈäÑam"tJ­Z¯Ø¬vËíz¿ÞG¡ÒJ4zÍn»ßð¸|N¯Ûïvâ²Ym¢  
M)k)ij¨©ª«  (§¸­­¹§Á½»·Á¿¨&i¶ghÓÕz RÆ
jÚÚ§Rß¼TÔÝÛØÍ%ÏØôõöõÐ° ØÇ 8à¯L1ÐÀÁ $5S84¬ÅþðGØímÓCÝ:r¼ÿ
¡A`XÄ` álw)nÚv.^Àm;ÓË·»2² » RtNbh$ð h@8@L)!Èh³ P
ø ÈxÀ 0É  ûäL  ap­|à*Zù qC@ç¹pMT×zE àQx@*À h²¸ : `
RP@ À¥@ -ÐÌÎá1(5Ý­z®[(\Ç,BåPÎ5Ï×¶fX
ÄÀq V@Ùfze¥@ D"0 Æ2P¿ P@   @3$ÿ c _í`ÅKúrñ4)ÚV? ¬­ ôON  
ÀVN2 æ&2  ¿UPGÔøO ¼$ á#ùÅ\hHÛ;çN~²0@ëO
úT52C?S`púËqÌj'±­NL ^-X ùDF]çøPÈ<ó=/})­â<½7¨& }øZ
ü /)H^0P ¡á[2å$dQD2)kêÉ ßEÀ@y0p¡ ¸M!KÞ Ùß9)ð)LCAÉ³
r9KÓJ¨ÿz+SîÐm©` û!ª ÖÛåéz©- ²Xæ»=:)³Íål +Ý²¢³Öõ T"Ó« @3§Þ
¼ ràñFÕ®-Õu»ôôt]@ÎvÇlyü¯_9­;úõ²½
gýª&`mNjváwÀ~QxLý@GÞ¤ám ,j{ì¥*Àä X -Ükr¯û>, )ÚX­PKJ.¡ÃN"ø N
ÜÏPÞ/zR_¤ ê¸¯ õ ®©×Æ¬­X¦`àò±#à¨L`\ 3§Ão@Ù$j
ª0ÿH%*ð¶õö¢h V$ PªÄ^Båd,¤y®4Èw®§P
"l¸IN`oIqúu þdã|N eGXÅNcèSÖôÌ`ïF+¹@ðÆVg pvÎ ÑRjN @¥x |~îj
pæZøK!`Ñ+x¤%PRþ@{ÎfU xk 8¤õF}­ I[ÃÕrE D8?¯Ï
6­¾PfjPMpF@bxLþSÈ pÀhü|2_È¡¾µão6'TQ BÇèCù À»Ùf 
¾ÿWà³ý9E ¿XCN»Òc ý5¬ 'g<­çÍV_ÖA×§ãoì}u2¶»½íYÅÅâ ßÈA°¿êTFü<çôæí
I¬æH±È^Ï#Ô¢AõæÒ*xï;p>ñ)Bxºtâ,ü(wÙ]í xõâê'°a>|ª8Å xzÔC
GDm¬"ñc×ïÀ(è±í£1uÞC½õ»'Qé¼ãáøÈÞÏüæËA
>oOýê[ÿúyh[½Sð&áûà¿øÇ/~¼H£À ÔÏþõ»¿ýð¿üãOÿùÛ¿þø¿¿þóÏÿýÛ_þ'8Xx
¸ ØX!  ;' b'

> | |  
> ---|---  
  
' b'GIF89a 6 Ä  ÿÿÿ$ !geeO¹¸¶·ÊÈÉÆEgõuÐ°ëëë§r|úµ{¾ß CHK#
?Z946m´º|z{" ãââVVVÕÓÔ  ¨§¦ôôôÜÜÜ!ÿ XMP DataXMP
ÿþýüûúùø÷öõôóòñðïîíìëêéèçæåäãâáàßÞÝÜÛÚÙØ×ÖÕÔÓÒÑÐÏÎÍÌËÊÉÈÇÆÅÄÃÂÁÀ¿¾½¼»º¹¸·¶µ´³²±°¯®­¬«ª©¨§¦¥¤£¢¡

~}|{zyxwvutsrqponmlkjihgfedcba`_^]\\[ZYXWVUTSRQPONMLKJIHGFEDCBA@?>=<;:9876543210/.-,+*)('&%$#"!
   !ù     ,     6  ÿ dihª®lë¾p,Ïtmß8|ïÿÀ
pH,È$RãiHdJ­Z¯Ø¬vËíz¿`/äÑ&dÍn»ßð¸|N¯ÛïxüfSq}Ðk  e,
Q \+ Q «¬­® +¯¶·¸k +¹ÂÃÄ
}*µÅÌÍ®Ç¾ªRj©Ö{U{S{Ü{ÚáÖkáæÝQçäâÎÐÉË SmÒº.àá
:<p¡Ã@*@¨ðÀ@îÈ<Ðð` ü"T(± ÔÿÈ3¤ Y_ØEx0 æ©ØèJµ  |¨p¡ O
@dx¢ÁÒ *LÀôBÃ=5dH`hT+ ÑsBYLA 8L¨Ivo T C ]@õÉ>  Ø 
Õ¡B  2ðkà0à hÓ^ã-/0tPÈÀUÎ{"LJRá¢µ3 =úÄ©T  8ô/Æ{@-
@¡¡EG©÷vÜ¹5PHÀÀnk,@ÒfpÁ ^0J Æ7$:pCÍh»JJÔè tî°uLÌ]ÿvÜ%
U7âé9À|CÅiSÎ ã!9R ÒM<Û¤¢MÜ°cÎfÃI0£h  Ý D,=b(ÙúßÑ "À ip «v
÷¼Ã1   % `¨cT øLú'ºUIz+CÐ"À<À´Ä¨Ü·+°ÈB KyO¥!<& P²<f
(À} ç6@ SY/qó¨À&R;à Pà6Gh%´ô2  @ÁÄÊ°ÿ¶~ Èà× ¡Ô®}±¨
ì¬%ÊQ> f*&
 ?4G]fÃ3vÉÉCàêÂHè9òPâÈ²¨\ e3RP$§à§#Ä;ñW`' ªSÛQ-jxÃ
ê,SÚ$#]eÀÊBb[¸ÈF³. d$# 4l aWÎ¨xU"+p ´v©Û Êæy#
$£5`ÀqtÑ,ëWó= Éú:t OMx (tH¸ % ÈÀ1LeF5ÏlK"Ðó+ ×Ò) Í¥A
Àá$S! ÿ ¸ce§´Ò ~ÐvD #3NÔe² À6{áÄ¨ågI
Z1JTáæd"R(àÉ@æ°¹±`&#Ü§~rÈ.CÆdcUØùPPUlvp6RLFn`É )0à©?ª¡Q
ð[t¦<"P <õi$%À ¡:l 3sU£])ÛÈ(t
g¶DOá/ú!shj!s¥åíLb¹ßñÃ<&PÊÖà½bé§ÃÔi^ zSøUK°R5d+KpbK
ÒF/*°À\G5êXÈþacÜèß2Ãþð³®#ø§!Ê FªF¯ÿ­}&Ã
Å¥ÈFó·h,ndñ¨Ål0`ÁBWÊóê¢ `¯|íSy1»·9S'üÛ#dÃ>*­åi áµ®ÑÏèºª¹.
 p âQ(|Æ©'°g,¼EÔ!ÄSKHcq®{eûlg;÷@ ){ "]Ë[Ð¢ê,E Iìës]$° T·q{m
ÛiªLLf j¤D#SàI^Y¿¢<vDËC~Õt©k s T`fa Î43Ñ 5öÛæ4«¥Á"
ÅÎLc;ûyYëSMCç?PÕrèFkBwr åÖ¼"råáÒÎ´¦7í#À5ÈÑ¯9MêRúÔ'zïÞù+!ÑÓÕôä
¬gMëZÛúÖ¸Îµ®wÍkâMA¼BìbûØÈN¶²Íìf;ûÙÐvs@íj[ûÚØÎ¶¶·Íín{ûÛà7 B  ;' b'

> | |  
> ---|---  
  
'
b'GIF89a 6 Ä  777EEE&&&­­­³³³çççbbbsss   ÄÄÄ|||ÿÿÿºººSSSËËËjjj¡¡¡[[[ÓÓÓÛÛÛ¦¦¦êêêõõõ
üüü!ÿ XMP DataXMP
ÿþýüûúùø÷öõôóòñðïîíìëêéèçæåäãâáàßÞÝÜÛÚÙØ×ÖÕÔÓÒÑÐÏÎÍÌËÊÉÈÇÆÅÄÃÂÁÀ¿¾½¼»º¹¸·¶µ´³²±°¯®­¬«ª©¨§¦¥¤£¢¡

~}|{zyxwvutsrqponmlkjihgfedcba`_^]\\[ZYXWVUTSRQPONMLKJIHGFEDCBA@?>=<;:9876543210/.-,+*)('&%$#"!
   !ù     ,     6  ÿ #dihª®lë¾p,Ïtmß8»-ãÿÀ
pH,È¤ry ``@bJ­Z¯Ø¬vËíz¿à/Çra}á´zÍn»­Ç ñ®Ûïx0¤äÿu (hY' '
o'¡¢^ £¨©T¥&ª¯¨¬%®°µ²$´a ¶Á`¸#º_   §ÂÑVÄ"Æ]   c
ÐÒÒÔÖ\ SÝ R\  k Ú^ù  õÁÈÛr@Á¶PHA
~WLèUâ8 ·¸ÁB8X?°­ ÿPhÃð¬
0ÈÁ) ðõÃ$'y@ IzFáA èfäÑKSÛOgTN ¹ J4ø`PfY ` Q/Ðë
aÜA°AA¨îª Â |0  0ÀZ¿5PÁï¡H\½µE+3§p  ¦ (û%ÏM6
à&ÚPo[P8lýL' B ßjª 2±P@ð×8Uo]{h(A¿ 24"t
fKàTè  >Kèð.É ¨ZÇÜK#° tY =ÿt`pCU @G55  TÐÀk·aO ð
Ôu`A ô½¦Ügd¦ ðP@ÎO ÐZA_ °Ð (·  @ ÀOTÀ  x (p¥h
ÈÓä4 ÀBõCGýmQ£ ÅÁü PH @]DUô
ªÈ¨Å~L± (N@mjñß<¤ÌC·9úh-fñ&¹ @  ¦¾Ò)ÿM  5j b« Y+ñ«
ÈªW JÅQ¢J
Úø¨e¥qÀÿE­0ykÅ¤ÞI­(&ÐRTà|îJÞWäIè¾ÍÔ@5©Ø½ý(%@'ÐÌ6i5ÏôöDÕ¯Y[Å"lpD
ÊN¡  TÐ ­a£ÀhHÐåtDPr´ÞQk J Ê`Á+K0  t0g < t
ÈKESP`@¬Etì(@ahÅ ÅTüºë^!Aþ À  Æ1@r±¥ ®Ñ7ÚÙtv Ä4Ü ¼sq¬ý^H
ê³Ø¡(A6gûiMaRè §­]=ÅÆgÿxv82Ö à÷]|S¨¦Àz HÀãJÜBS À2$Ð@je ¤ï
ÔåeUØ4ÔpÁïî2¯ùu¤Y»á¾Bsc HQý
o®4Td0uòP:ÏQÄ" røJÇù^­o è/ üÜ6DêÅc kyÈV6³ ÎeÀ   " X
 p*pòUÊB (ò°vÅQ¥IÈ [  Ä P %`U¡AJµ¦a Ã<Ð#AL@ÛÆô$Å*î
ý@*vÑ^]ÄbFàyø÷úçg¤Êk|£ +Ä9ÚQ q¼ã ó¨Ç9ã} d:aGòU¨Ä
.HA­ hä! éIÒ à ÎpI;Æ¡Gìä£î¡É|` *WÉÊVºò°¥,gIËZÚò³lIvÉË^úòÀ
¦0IÌbó¾  ;' b'

>  
' b'  

  

> Begin forwarded message:

>

>  
>

>

>  **From:**reservations@goindigo.in  
>

>

>  **Subject:** **Your IndiGo Itinerary - NDLCXW**  
>

>

>  **Date:** 8 September 2017 at 3:19:20 AM IST  
>

>

>  **To:**deepanshu961@gmail.com  
>

>

>  
>

>

> PNR : NDLCXW

>

> |  
> ---  
  
' b'PNG      IHDR      +   Aú   tEXtSoftware Adobe
ImageReadyqÉe<  &iTXtXML;:com.adobe.xmp      ï '°  ZIDATxÚì]wXTÇ?¤
PÄ¨Ô>{ÅX¢"F5Æ,/Ä<DÆ(ö5v ±BTli6ÀB°óæ\YvçîÞ-ð-
ùøñÝ?{wîÜ3sÊüÎÈB [9äZÊ#¸÷ çAIÉ[à8 
ë:fÐ°^-hÑ¸>85±3\Uÿ^næòå$Ì@¢_}Ò
jWý+Ã$.9S®|zP'°©c^)ßyöZ:ùõd"Ä%eÂõô,È/|É|ÎÐ@ më« tpo~í ±µe
NÏgºÜvÿÐJëøÊß´5ä¸[ò¾öshëbW¡ß¹fÿ9B/¿ý@í:ü©MÐú´w®rc"-02D_ï_¥YY0ËkTØ;·
»Læ®;ii\×Ñ³7ø«_V$âPVAûwIPúö-A;)¯ð
ZÆéÓü"Òï¿ëIð¼(­4Æ$ãàï!òèÅ*c8KªEê ü¼;,<YO!ôoMVÌ
$zµML#ý¿X¹Ï_TX_¾Q v@ }×ÚÐ!\µU M&!KöÈU{Ï¡D, é¯t ©
#3×zWÓµ¡ec+plTÌM¨ÉQ£ÿ$¥fA2½²=WZÇCqp#-Dÿ<U=W-`:e»båËiùÿÆô"fÆþèRá¢^9LÖ
vv7Áº¨&1©õûØp8ÿ-Xç¹¤thÛç mítRÈªm°¿Qôâà½ÜçÅ÷^¼zCÚYª°îà>Þ¶o6Ì
ÛS$\üèq\'O{nõ¬Á\ÚÞo`x¯ÖM Å&W;ùºog;fyZ¦Ð¨¾ àïºO'yEÌ{¨úv}
¾äj¨¼ÂØÖ¯ÅEÎ â~ýá~dat@[?Þ«0
ÇÜ±½q@åm¯D9?l>NÎ'g0ëC'!aËLÔÅMãÁïßÉ»½;Z5³-]7ô«m°¿6ÖÍ¡dÅX>(Zß²&
ëéB¶ÍÇùdöê£õÅ­ç¦VZ|«ÚfÜ Ó_È8 ¨º²U{U èÍ ÞEÔ³Ò §,ö
Òªp¡;±b",:E&j_%úTcËÉ-$Wï<ûO ø%pôÏÜ´ï»96 EÞº¸tó ¹NÝù§ùÅðòu
ÿ>ë:æü&1U#>«ÑkÜ{ê*ó^`O¸Whfuæ*ê»èêñÏ_ñ»:fÆÐ²I}pij!®Ò 7oéLC1ÉýZ
¨ô/¸;4Ð¨SS uÎÃþÓ×àáÁç¬ën­óíßÎçë7¥Jë§¶ 
)ïú{Ã·ãzkû=±;S_Ö}5´J­Ú´/ù~Å]Eû¥¦Æ¨Éø}  WaöêM ÷ý.Øöûe¥ÏR Ö
ã/*ddùôj Ù§ wuÏz£ðØ6¼¼ZØT),ã] E¯à^v\ù½ ù²]ÇãuàDÒå
§,¾8Bm;%¸@ã¼~¿'J'.  "¥ßªùèiq %\²@ãÙsä"ò¬
¨"ÌmF/-\²¸rë><Î+z5>k` Ï,73) HJÍ"¨BX:¤C,ü§À $lË QÂ% 2
ð"SDk_øxXÄöÔÅÕGà¼UÒ½$®ô#.ß¼¯QgèëRbÊ,ÇBÚ:¿zIH%î ÿ·3
k\×gá{ tå¢Ù;dµ`@QZO#3÷ñjÈúøóçÏÖå3vÜ}ðTi»0 Iè .á4ûå¼
Ô®'\ñ«×üdÐØØÿ¦Füì}j¸.WªË¢¦1oâP-¢ð¹ð­'à-!$lR_NmÛ|ä"¹p=Sð>î± îê®9
ûzz6ìç÷ñX8y9¨Fvf!çE9ï£^ éæî ÁÎÚß¯Ca<}å. k: ïÕ×2·-3;YîB¿]]
olé3PÃP3§ ûÿÎ¬ ´oäÏW+üý¿Ö0´»¸Ú7z¦t¡xYÏ ®ÚG/ñ& ¶ëQ}Ûpj
XhÄf9n£$gìýÇ¥1 ëéEp%baú²üÆ¯,þºF¶ cÛxÈB3 Ú¹6ûÏæ ù+$°#
Æ@ãu÷ñägñ4dm¡°½gî¼º@z®ÊV ±xS"oWý²;Vp×©Ù«CC »úLÜ ,ÍòÂ:epØxøûýNf X
àëBêZr*Ù`¿»AXô}==8¹r¢BO£àTÑnÉéïÑ v0ïÑ¦$E}É.Y´nÙÛ1ÿîZ55TE ×
ûC]iY«¯W¾èøiËØá ÛÁ©I¬p±+Ôùõ!÷¿TÝÈÿõ$; Ü
oJåçãÄáG©¶²ÀLcKÇsFh|·%'_%ª±Êl¢z,ÚOgj7ªB¨Dx;5â6Î4}¨SFT°{ò,ñý}Ä{ÙÛ²Ìþ3IÌçô×¨Ãµ©"Íé(RQ»ÎGOkUÀdÍ{¡]Mß
S«þþÞ»Cæ½-¿]ÂÐme=W/H_¡«hÉ§ ¯ªdSµ0F%[òdKjÛh -Ô¥v'ÓøÏÊS»Î1m
¹]=~kF qü¶å8¿¥Ãò¬¥&1a}Ýb2Úý:uhó¼=Ê;[ uu'`¬5äTjµLP.
-Ò³äcl]>pÔ)õãØ¨ ³\ÈnÞÍ9z©ü»ð­'¼=g6uÍßÿûÚÝGÌßú·sÖ¨
ÆåÁãür±R¥*ROcèxÕZJJßRyAÕ ñÌ2 ÑsÔÚ@O ÓWRxºse úôlRP$?a[[ËÏÌbU
lëjô~Lfí ù P*&©ëSÝXú0ë5hn?½äcÌHU aÌt¨ªö¹Vi+é¥÷ån2¶Ñëö·«ª X@Î
+'½è £]u1®³3³U³±¡êájKr =ì÷l®´þÚ / ºÄí((J& 1 ¶Î ÁUMÖ,Û
YÝY<a ÛNLyô¥ WH:øýüM¦ñÿaÇVå'@özN®f+=ñE¤,J$º'`ïôº¼½ Áe¸-Wf[ÏÔIÄ@
îæI l~^ßùÙOBÑt_·¦¨¶Ê}S3695[£6`¼2¯PÞfFf è¹;ÊÇVb¯¦ºiü
ü±"ù.öÖµ5lR_f9ÞH ¨(àvÍ±s7÷úúÊ{ ÍmÏâ­&jî
ÛÛÖÑMóóiÉ´ÁÂ"O¨]çl»¨«áÑm9]±íq?ìÒú*,b¡Õ WV@Sßð¬1¹U=#GÔnã²gå<
xGH'¬G ÒDñ d1¨Ü1©©À, éæ¡q{÷¼©ý
ÏÝ¦5!Ã¸çÔU÷#ç!]©òõôdþfÔüíjµeÎÚcDU2Ò¿u9î¾ÎåE"93&¬àùL*ØÄÚZÒI+G
áñYC=½?®ÀÁ?øÛ4´ ·Df/ÏÏbahwO¢>!&òegdåBÀÌu*µ
¿EH+ø´j"G~Ð9ûrD7f¸gsàBÜPÚ!Ç/Þ&#  ÞOkí Ó¯-7#¨³àý; õ'?Áå¢]|Ó
Äux8µò°àsÞN jÞÇ ' fv};®7ó Ò»O@¸Ò¶í;uø_.x )?r^¥®
.nû¼dPè&¹{h¬w¼³ZÈPªâÚ»7ÅùÌë'yE$.96 ¹(¸¹[¶B¡¦¨ðÉ òÜY¡2
¡³ú´w&4Åf ëQwCPZJàÎ½Ç¡GÕN'É Ë¦n6³z¨6Î ÕÛùg<¹Í´í-O´#A½¼ø5Ü
@¦-# QÑWàÏ ·ëb×è$÷Så©ÁJ"ö²ÓÃ0U/Æ²ð¥ÜB (¬×« -,úa l ýi
G'Á´:!¼))åÓî=#½©Ctdñ8¾%zùgÐ0`®P\OÌÁ ©ïµÍMÆ  ù;ïÕ|êÏlÎMñËÌÜ
.nJÃ<\Ù z|H%®H`*¿*Ò&ðfU v' ¤¢ ß 1ÂEµ  -Ø>üd×wÁ
.ÙÏ+gTJÎ"ª¢Ø5SU«õºqúäÊI¦ÚátÄdh Å¸PÓuýa£
G%[»áÒûT,C~êGDæ2ëy©ôw[æ ç0ÉSÝ{GõmtÀ9eÂU*°ª­DÛÂmø:\ím4
H4pÕº±ctôh¦ñ$ñuoÊÝÚªiTH6<¶t<ü8%@i[$H,£³àæ%¤4¿ÜÎÊg:ñ¼Q):/KMljó\\!uêÁ³ð¼TÌß
/Èq*R¬©1 x@ `QThÜâ>aYbv ÜÇÃÃçÐ«Ý|ôæ7À³bQ¿ÅÍ
GW>fÎ6WC#CO¬Ø¬Úw· 3¨=eÀD ü *¢ÛÂefåî½½å =³²¼:ÜXEÒaÐ!
Rå´UÏ'eðÞÖ»ÃOÞÅ°^Ü ´³²  ×&8@*Õa

> | |

>

>  
>  
> ---|---  
  
' b'PNG      IHDR   p      "Gy|   sRGB ®Î é   gAMA  ± üa   
pHYs  Ã  ÃÇo¨d  pIDAThCmÊªä@ÃÐ¹ÿ¥ÿn GÅ¦,»ÿù{ÞC÷Á w_^çµ;ïú'ËëÊº,÷¯
w7ër·uqºzïû¾ã9î¾¼Îk
vÞõO×uYî_=înÖån7ëâuõÞ÷}ÇsÜ}y×>ì¼ë,¯+ë²Ü¿zÜÝ¬ËÝnÖÅ-
êê½ïûæ¸ûò:¯}Øy×?Y^WÖe¹õ¸»Y»Ý¬[ÔÕ{ß÷
Ìq÷åu^û°ó®²¼®¬Ërÿêqw³.w»Y·¨«÷¾ï;>ãîËë¼öaç]ÿdy]YåþÕãîf]îv³.nQWï}ßw|0ÇÝ×yíÃÎ»þÉòº².Ëý«ÇÝÍºÜíf]Ü¢®Þû¾ïø`»/¯óÚwýåue]ûW»u¹ÛÍº¸E]½÷}ßñÁ
w_^çµ;ïú'ËëÊº,÷¯ w7ër·uqºzïû¾ã9î¾¼Îk
vÞõO×uYî_=înÖån7ëâuõÞ÷}ÇsÜ}y×>ì¼ë,¯+ë²Ü¿zÜÝ¬ËÝnÖÅ-
êê½ïûæ¸ûò:¯}Øy×?Y^WÖe¹õ¸»Y»Ý¬[ÔÕ{ß÷
Ìq÷åu^û°ó®²¼®¬Ërÿêqw³.w»Y·¨«÷¾ï;>ãîËë¼öaç]ÿdy]YåþÕãîf]îv³.nQWï}ßw|0ÇÝ×yíÃÎ»þÉòº².Ëý«ÇÝÍºÜíf]Ü¢®Þû¾ïø`»/¯óÚwýåue]ûW»u¹ÛÍº¸E]½÷}ßñÁ
w_^çµ;ïú'ËëÊº,÷¯ w7ër·uqºzïû¾ã9î¾¼Îk
vÞõO×uYî_=înÖån7ëâuõÞ÷}ÇsÜ}y×>ì¼ë,¯+ë²Ü¿zÜÝ¬ËÝnÖÅ-
êê½ïûæ¸ûò:¯}Øy×?Y^WÖe¹õ¸»Y»Ý¬[ÔÕ{ß÷
Ìq÷åu^û°ó®²¼®¬Ërÿêqw³.w»Y·¨«÷¾ï;>ãîËë¼öaç]ÿdy]YåþÕãîf]îv³.nQWï}ßw|0ÇÝ×yíÃÎ»þÉòº².Ëý«ÇÝÍºÜíf]Ü¢®Þû¾ïø`»/¯óÚwýåue]ûW»u¹ÛÍº¸E]½÷÷ûýýÅ'GÄP    IEND®B`'
b'

> |  
>  
> ---  
> | | Call 09212783838|  INTERGLOBE AVIATION LTD.(INDIGO), GlobalBusiness
Park, Gurgaon, Haryana, India.  
> ---|---  
> | | **IndiGo Passenger(s)**|

>

> Your flight(s) are open for web check-in now.  
>  Certain seats may be charged.

>

> |  
>  
> ---|---|---  
  
' b'PNG      IHDR   j       Ídn¹   tEXtSoftware Adobe
ImageReadyqÉe<  "iTXtXML:com.adobe.xmp     
HÜñe  ½IDATxÚìXiHÓa×ðÃÜ¦M]¦VÚ¡H¸/]'©%äQ*iaYVJy|1¡å0dJ¦xÍ
æU©9W+üV¿ùÖµY¸Ñ´ô}/Ï=ïõ{Ïï} Ý¡¶B@á£ðQø(|Ô(|> ßº03Ãº$ø
öïärÌZû;ÆNyßl0`HË¥3Â}ñEë }»7qåµYIÑÁ3s }ò¡÷Ó6<ö gÃ¦G_·
H(?/Ätk}õùñh&5NHrÈ^ã­¯©}ðóÌüµ²¤\¯b°#Æå°Äwbím­àÕµû O2O
xxOÄð7+æ°·thüETh[í¬C.>Ô ÙÛÝq½ 3{jL cvîkquóãv¹Öò®û
øÀúVðD¦Õì¿AÜq£®NÝå°·ÊÌø½i·ËD úª~Å$p_ èh³£à°±ü
Q §%gw9ÙcÅÐÇÈP?àK°C<4Ð bÌ®vÈiíi¼Ñâ2 cy^9 ´÷sbÑÌDä¦G`XÌy«®Fì^ø
Pm|Åt! !DIôU!½ð-ôK} È~{Uìåä¼ ¿Ï;y ApÃfLø\6ëP|!¡)|´ÑBÁËN
¡Æ1ÑYuKsi ¤§«c[á8B Þõ¾&½L¡Út«P¼£ãÓ¶|
l1ùè¤.kðwÏN:'*½ÔÃ¤B¥Õ½äÚ)´SÓ*
_û$#Z723VwÆ$òqâ|ü2ÿSUÌA:&áõàXBDàªÝ¼µ- m9ÉÄíüì»BüX ake ÌÀ°Æ ÷³
­ø@þÊ-¹æomÉÖ}H¬ ûpììè­´Äà%#%3kÄÝÐ2,
p@×²âA.vÀB­qÅ§kDíJÕ/W*hûSÈt´Õ`Ã"Õz·xKàðRbÔÚF£È%F ¥
1úÃ(U¥Ð".µÏQºi¸s* ðR¡/©ÄsyÕL Oeä
0ALylè]Fb¨úÕ%j#+.nõÚsQLØNE&\¾ûÏzPïröwjµbUÕ}èh±N­×Ø? ýË
ÂGá£ðQ£ðQø(|ÿ¿}` û·ò±&I;¬    IEND®B`' b'

> | | |  
>  
> ---  
> | 1\. **Mr**   **Deepanshu**   **Arora**  
> ---  
> |  **IndiGo Flight(s)**  
> ---  
> |  Date| Departs| Check-in/Bag drop closes| From| To| Via| Flight| Dep
Terminal| Arrives  
> ---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
>  **23Sep17**|  **22:40**|  ** **21:55****|  **Delhi**|  **Bengaluru**|   |
**6E   977**|    **1**|  **01:20**  
> |  Boarding gate closes 25/45 minutes prior to the scheduled time of
departure for domestic/international sectors.  
> ---  
> |  Booking Reference| Numeric Booking ID| Status| Date of Booking *| Payment
Status  
> ---|---|---|---|---  
>  **NDLCXW**|  **270723051210**|  **CONFIRMED**|  **05Sep17  
> 16:00:44 (UTC) **| **Approved**  
>  
> * Booking Date reflects in UTC(Coordinated Universal Time), all other
timings mentioned are as per Local Time.  
>  
> | **Price Summary**|  **Contact Information**  
> ---|---  
> |  Airfare Charges| INR|

>

> 2 , 574 .00  
>  
> ---|---|---  
> CGST For Delhi| INR|

>

> 66 .00  
>  
> SGST For Delhi| INR|

>

> 66 .00  
>  
> Passenger Service Fee (PSF)| INR|

>

> 153 .00  
>  
> User Development Fee (UDF)| INR|

>

> 12 .00  
>  
> RCS Fee| INR|

>

> 50 .00  
>  
> **Total Fare**|  **INR**|

>

>  **2 , 921 . 00**  
>  
> | |  Address :ibibo Web Private Limited, 4th Floor  
> ---  
> Phone : 9953126352  
> Email : deepanshu961@gmail.com  
> |  **Note:**  
> ---  
>  
>   * Goods and Services Tax (GST) shall be levied at applicable rates on all
air transportation services provided by IndiGo, except in cases specifically
exempted under law.

>   * This is not a GST invoice. The GST invoice shall be sent to the email
address in the name of the first passenger, mentioned in this itinerary. In
case of a booking made by a GSTIN holder, the GST invoice shall be sent in the
name of the GSTIN holder to the email address mentioned while providing the
GSTIN information at the time of reservation.

>   * Additionally, passengers may download the GST invoice using their PNR
number on the IndiGo website www.goindigo.in.

>   * GST shall also be applicable on any special services requested by the
passenger at applicable rates.

>   * Tax Invoices shall be only in INR, even in cases where the payment is
made in a currency other than INR.

>   * Airfare Charges include Base Fare, Fuel Charge and CUTE Charge

>   * PSF/UDF/ADF are collected on behalf of the Airport Authority of India
(AAI)/Other Airport Operators. In case of no-show, you can claim the taxes on
www.goindigo.in

>

  
> | |  Lite Fare Sector: Delhi \- Bengaluru  
> ---  
>  
>   * No Checked Baggage Allowance

>   * 7 kgs Hand Baggage (one piece only)

>   * Refer to Conditions of Carriage for change/cancellation fee and detailed
T&Cs

>

  
> |  **Services**  
> ---  
> Delhi \- Bengaluru|  \- |  \- |  \- |  \-  
> | **Mr. Deepanshu Arora** Seat 27F  LITE  
> ---  
> |  
> ---  
> |  
> ---  
> |  
> ---  
> |  
> ---  
> | **Terms and Conditions**  
> ---  
>  **Must Read:**  
> |

>

>   *  **RESTRICTIONS ON CARRIAGE**  
>  Passengers are requested to carry **Power Banks/Portable Mobile Chargers**
in their hand baggage. They are not allowed to be carried inside checked
luggage.

>   * We recommend you check-in **AT LEAST 2 Hours** prior to departure for
domestic sectors and **AT LEAST 3 Hours** prior to departure for international
sectors.

>   * Please complete the check-in including bag drop formalities **75min**
(international sector) / **45min** (domestic sector) prior to departure.
Failure to do so will result in your booking being cancelled and the fares and
surcharges retained. Report early for hassle free check-in.

>   * **Boarding gates close 25 minutes** prior to the scheduled time of
departure for domestic sectors and **45 minutes** prior to the scheduled time
for international sectors. Please report at your departure gate at the
indicated boarding time. Any passenger failing to report in time, may be
refused boarding privileges.

>   * **For all international flights,** we accept USD/GBP/EUR or the currency
of destination (except INR) for on-board purchases. INR up to denomination 500
is accepted on Kathmandu flights. This is as per Indian regulations.

>

|

>

>   * **One Hand baggage weighing not more than 7kgs** (including the Laptop),
with an additional restriction on maximum dimension - length 55cm + width 35cm
+ height 25cm respectively is allowed. In the event where a hand bag is over-
sized or over-weight, IndiGo may require transfer of Hand Baggage to the
Baggage compartment of the aircraft prior to take-off, at applicable excess
baggage rates.

>   * **Free Checked In Baggage Allowance** for all pieces combined is 15Kg (
Domestic ) / 20 Kg (International). Free checked in baggage allowance for
travel to and from Doha, Dubai, Muscat, Sharjah and Singapore is up to 30kgs
per adult and child. This allowance does not apply to Infants.

>   * **For Infants** valid birth certificate is required.

>

  
> ---|---  
> **General:**  
>  
>   * Check-in at www.goIndiGo.in is available. This service is not available
for international travel and Passengers with infants or groups.

>   * Changes/cancellations are permitted more than two (2) hours prior to
scheduled departure and (four (4) hours for international sectors) with
payment of change/cancellation fee and difference in fare if applicable.

>   * A security search is compulsory.

>   * A valid photo id, in original, is required for each person travelling.
For foreign nationals, only passport, in original, will be considered as a
valid photo id. For detailed terms and conditions, log on to www.goIndiGo.in

>   * Check Your Flight Timings: To know the flight status on the day of
departure, contact our 24 X 7 call centre departure, contact our 24 X 7 call
centre or logon to our website or mobile app (available on iPhone, Windows,
Android and Blackberry), or send an sms to 566772 in the following format:
"ST[space]flight number[space]departure date of flight as ddmm". For example:
to know the status for 6E-333 for 11th February send "ST 333 1102" to 566772.

>   * Indian Nationals travelling to and from Kathmandu are required to carry
either Passport or Voterâs Id Card only as their valid photo Id, no other
photo Id will be considered as valid.

>   * Passengers going to UAE/ Oman/ Qatar from India on tourist/ employment
visas require an 'OK TO BOARD' comment in their PNR. Please check with your
visa issuing agency.

>   * Name changes and changes to GSTIN are not permitted on your booking,
once a PNR is generated.

>   * Hot and cold food and beverages as shown in the Food and Beverage Menu
may be purchased on board, subject to their availability. For flights below 60
minutes flying time hot food or beverages will not be offered. On select
flights below 30 minutes flying time only limited snacks (cookies and nuts)
and water will be offered.

>   * LED / LCD TVs of more than 99.06 cm in size will be charged. Refer to
www.goIndiGo.in.

>   * This booking is governed by IndiGo's fare rules and Conditions of
Carriage that are available from Airport Counters, IndiGo Shops or
www.goIndiGo.in

>   * Flight schedules are subject to change and approval by authorities.

>   * IndiGo reserves the right to deny boarding if credit card information is
not supplied at check-in.

>   * Hot Food and Beverages shall not be served on short sector flights.

>   * Due to airport security regulations, no Hand Baggage is allowed on any
flights from Jammu and Srinagar airports.

>

  
> |  **Terminal Information:**  
> ---  
>  **International Terminal Information:** For international flights, IndiGo
will operate from the following terminals airports: **New Delhi** \- Terminal
3, IGIA; **Mumbai** \- International Terminal, CSIA; **Dubai** \- Terminal 1,
Dubai International Airport; **Bangkok** \- Suvarnabhumi Airport;
**Singapore** \- Terminal 2, Changi Airport; **Kathmandu** \- Tribuvan
International Airport; **Muscat** \- Muscat International Airport. **Chennai**
\- International Terminal, Chennai International Airport; **Hyderabad** \-
International Terminal, RGIA; **Kolkata** \- Terminal II, Kolkata
International Airport; **Kochi** \- International Terminal, Kochi
International Airport and **Thiruvananthapuram** \- International Terminal,
Thiruvananthapuram.  
> IndiGo flights from Delhi to Singapore departs from Terminal 1D. In case a
passenger is arriving into Delhi from a country other than India and is
further booked on a Delhi to Singapore flight,he/she must make their own
necessary visa arrangements for transit within Delhi since there will be a
change of terminal upon arrival into Delhi(i.e. from terminal 3 to terminal
1D).  
> **Domestic Terminal Information:**  
>  **Vadodara** \- Effective 01 Dec 16, All IndiGo flights from Vadodara will
depart from New Integrated terminal, Vadodara Airport. Wish you a pleasant
flight. To know Flt status Download mobile app, log on to www.goindigo.in or
send ST (space) Flt no (space) date in ddmm format to 566772. For any
assistance, please call 0124-6613838.  
> **Chandigarh** \- New Civil Air Terminal.  
> | **Flight Delays Reschedule or Cancellations**  
> ---  
> At any time after a Booking has been made, we may change our schedules
and/or cancel, terminate, divert, postpone, reschedule or delay any flight
where we reasonably consider this to be justified by circumstances beyond our
control, or for reasons of safety, or for commercial reasons. Circumstances
beyond IndiGo's control can include, without limitation, weather, air traffic
control, mechanical failures, acts of terrorism, acts of nature, force
majeure, strikes, riots, wars, hostilities, disturbances, governmental
regulations, orders, demands or requirements, shortages of critical manpower,
parts or materials, labour unrest etc. If an IndiGo flight is cancelled,
rescheduled or delayed for more than two hours (depending on the length of the
journey), a Customer shall have the right to choose a refund; or a credit for
future travel on IndiGo; or re-booking onto an alternative IndiGo flight at no
additional cost (subject to availability); subject to the requirements under
the local laws of the country in which the flight has been cancelled,
rescheduled or delayed.  
> In the special case where a subsequent portion of an IndiGo flight is
cancelled while a Customer is already in transit, such a Customer shall have
the right to choose to remain at the transit station and to be re-booked onto
an alternative IndiGo flight to the final destination at no additional cost
subject to availability; or to remain at the transit station and accept a
partial refund for the portion of the flight not completed; or to return to
the point of origin and receive a refund; or a credit for future travel on
IndiGo; or re-booking onto an alternative IndiGo flight at no additional cost
subject to availability. We strongly recommend all Customers to provide
correct phone numbers and email address, to enable us to inform them of flight
delays or cancellations in unforeseen cases. Customers who have not provided
valid contact information at the time of Booking may not be entitled for any
compensation. Contact our call centre (0)9212783838 if you have any queries.  
  
'
b'ÿØÿá Exif  II*            ÿì Ducky       ÿá1http://ns.adobe.com/xap/1.0/ 
ÿî Adobe dÀ   ÿÛ  %%/$
$/,$##$,:22222:C======CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCC  $$3$
$3B3))3BCB>2>BCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCÿÀ  ø" ÿÄ ±                            
  !1AQaq"±ÁÑ2RS4ð¡BrTá#3sb²5ñ¢ÂCÒ$D 
    !1AQa"2R$ðq¡±#SÁÑBbr3Csáñ4¢²òÿÚ    ? íV^£¬²ÑÝM2Ü
·wæ;¬ê.´±Ãò± ]äTl¬jÝ¹¤v/yÚâ²ó À²5Èä ^e£¾»ÆæsOÿ \ ýÛ}+Ç[
]ÇyZH\ysWd^²<Ø-"ÜF àv ëx
§ÂzÅi!Cw·/JtGPY¾ið±GÚ|'¬UGk3ö¦&08@Û\!}ò>â·_ UÆ|qùUÕoW©Oàv ëx
§ÂzÅGi¬dJÜ&k,×»ÅMÙH
©Æb Y¾ið±GÚ|'¬V<{½¹zS¢:Íð;Oõ<Óá=b´=ÞÜ½(¢:Íð;Oõ<Óá=b´=ÞÜ½(¢:Íð;Oõ<Óá=b´=ÞÜ½(¢:Íð;Oõ<Óá=b´=ÞÜ½(¢:Íð;Oõ<Óá=b½ÛjÝMÙF
(Nb¯«nK´i¹)DæÎ àv ëx §ÂzÅi,«½e±?³ ¹Ý³ú§hó¥M¹H>Hq
/~ið±GÚ|'¬Us~ÑÂ2ó j±a«2èäpÊþºv¹¨ÄÎº£ Ìdì¢ fnx §ÂzÅ ið±F§¨¾Ì´0»UÛy
±1çk ç © b6ãxÌÑ<±LbØ KÀí>Ö(ð;OõÒY×W1Ió¶hTmÎõÙS öÉ" 9 x §ÂzÅ
ið±V/î]k  )µxÓo y{;. ÁH
`ÚãÖh³ÒAélT^ið±GÚ|'¬V«rëXL­ Mª¸\½9Fry©Ä!Wð;Oõ<Óá=b¥Óo y{;.
Á]Näï[·9Ê¨ç@Dfø §ÂzÅ ið±^µ Q¶0 Ï8Ó­ßu3E9}+D-ó2tÆ]Z¤Î¢Lf0Sø §ÂzÅ
ið±^,µ;û)[çÂ«UStóeEÉH :D$  ³|Óá=b´øOX­$*x÷{rô§Duàv ëx §ÂzÅi!
{½¹zQDuàv ëx §ÂzÅi! {½¹zQDuàv ëx §ÂzÅi! {½¹zQDuàv ëx §ÂzÅi!
{½¹zQDuàv ëx §ÂzÅ¢û2ÐÀjíWmä2ÄÇ®hw+äyÛã3DòÅDbØ
KÀí>Ö(ð;OõÒB£w·/JÔoÚ|'¬Qàv ë¤ »Á
¤n%¢¸©Fíé99ÀbYTð;Oõ<Óá=b½iï¼/ e¦Å §vwíLÛåPÏ¢# à,ß´øOX£Àí>Ö+I
®=ÞÜ½)Ñ Afø §ÂzÅ ið±ZHG ïn^Q Afø §ÂzÅ ið±ZHG ïn^Q Afø §ÂzÅ ið±ZHG
ïn^Q Afø §ÂzÅ ið±ZHG ïn^Q Afø §ÂzÅ ið±ZHG ïn^Q Afø §ÂzÅ
ið±ZJFënÀI©i;
°1qè!Î9ÌãÀí>Ö(ð;OõÒB«w·/JtGPY¾ið±GÚ|'¬VÇ»Û¥GPY¾ið±GÚ|'¬VÇ»Û¥GPY¾ið±GZÀò<­$'Ç»Û¥GPYíµ»¶ÆÖáß^¢¿c®g[Þ7²û§ð?úP]ZÇuAP|ã-6yÙÄµÍèúÔ%h
®o¡bh·ÒfuÉ¬±±ÿ =£í½m®Åq¦·Ýgu¶Ì±Ýîþkc=~O{ïô«Ë7FÆ;{¤y>u¤¸
Ô®Íô[-B X!Bä£ÑÞ1¹
ê7Õ£6µ4F)ÿ T¶Ò¶û9cs»¥ÓzÜºµeÓ2?Èx.ÿ 5zÀ¹h]¹ÉËBËÉ¥IlV-¥·s ©
®n¯[Ö/ßnqàçbO"£nË­:b öoÊ {UíVÅ×ml± éÀÓÚÒyR½(ÊÃn6CSÿ ¢T½ZU8
ì}Í$"¾öÅ6#ä0JsmÊîe SvlÉ%­^+oÜ­é°Ë\òÄÆSeGD_#w }1ÿ Í8ùyÑ ãONk>îy éln
 Ñ\1W'Ò¥È^&qx;ÇzÏ½ÍßÏgïæn^|(´&Ô®K
bJâGeÁtGàR7ONÍz<Ê"OÑ¯ä¤9·ª÷³ÞÜwx]µ-Ãi*Ö§¾Þ²Ê(â("­qa=­Çxf.
åÝEP<¿y»E/OÃ~­^Ï"¥¿D]öëe4ºL±°¾)^yþõ&¨>æ±K¨<9u+XY
."Ç¹K¤éÎµ¬{î§ «¸Ow{§ÿ  ©«ÿ :<µ&:ãí¥eC%Ä·&&<âá·`Z¬Ò^ÐáÛ;cö*m+/s¹
«ñ-4ÞºsÜÄ­Î0²b#H%Í
&Z;×#¦ÛrPº¸Ù±¬&´ W5jÙôùËnv¸ÒÄòö5ÎI Éi)JQ
ÚmÖlý©Ø ¼¼]¼²¹»C\G`è,k¦sÐÜF@p ì+}
Å½­°ÎßW|âm^åêú¤éØÀjót*Z@Çgkµ­7¬·j·N[ãCè¢4Ë
Ä¼äùk´*¾ë+P®ÜõD¯ÐS¬Hÿ Bù½ 3½Jk}>KXé%pè­nÀ7/:äJævms¨
rV¥£K`BÚ"¾wÍ¾RÇ ê$bTD^ä%¤ÝJÛÁÎ.iÌ1âÖ¦kFÂ iYz
æ86¯Ä´ÓaOY·KÌc2CI[G¾F[¬m¹ÉÕxðúV³ô®ço¥C¡-NÀóè Æ­¤¶sX F WzE
ÌÍ¥µqÁÂP.td;¢N/BÎYõIòg,`© Ü=ªmFÊKh ls åmî4ÉûF0½7RòkèYk&»O
ImÃ³þÝUöeSÖ§Ð>ßúÖY$O´´ç88SpZkÎykZ-õÊÔô·\¸K£éB «Þ5+qG70
¿ê¤Ô¬n;^ÞH­r°¦ÝZä :]å uFÝrµlG~#ìÉ¡³ª,$sÙ¥xµÔ P&­~o¥=cP7ö ¸tÎ
eÅôý´­ÈÒA5Ø¬jút¿·fÃ¤Þee<´yuÕÆ/Tc-RÌÀ¶¿JÐFÖfm×÷ ¯½ UÍ
ù÷!ÑË*"¬n*Ì¢Ð 6B¿§E#_,laÝ´u9ièUóàÌ]'Ü$ÅÇ Pë rÓ¡¨A=ûx^ã
vM?¢×. 9*KÓu sc¯âyJ}6{¶[z»c^n E£
/wMèÕVòÍBNæ£JÕ.íhöµÄÓÒ'ªz ¯´Îâii¯t=÷¶ÎkXò hàF>Å`ùô÷¹¯Î¦ÁÁcµ;
Å©1½P-±²E¥ }6»+ã{28ÃE¬Ìî·nB3 s,=IWE² 4b|«Rê e³ÇïemFÏ"wag¶ej5
c¥&©v,îÁ ssÒÿ «öæPÚ]¾+¦²9 ã. Çx< Ib{¸-ÝÏ}p9}¡xt í³>'®è<pg¹ná4î½
úÕZ×µOüÞÞ¥±eôñþFú^¹¹\ê\ ©hÒØ#P6£È¹ä'`>
:Jº#âIN°îa{¥&âá­gÂ×cæõ­§Z@ÀÓÌÁ íf&â'¾^.F/Ä GÍVIÝ9
ÅÄÂÝàÛLçqÛö+rêC%yÚæyÖN¡ ÷9^ÈK0  | -G±Î°Èsva¹iG"×ÌËÏ
Ä÷Äô®¾42ÊÒmä¸k^XÌ3eÚW»ØfÓ\×Ç#O _iÂêÌ9â'9§7aç
Ý¾çRsXØZ8ûVJG&û]]Zt»¨ (Ó^ÕË»§MaÛ7¢M6sÐ¯ZÜø \I9ÎÓ]Á{ÁÝË»Ç
SZ§ÜMdÓ¡{ªk+.ò÷mÙgâ<F Ó£5kÎ&Z;Õ¦YZâ+KWX`ÍÑÄn &ö §¾2+L
å`ª&½ å¬Úº0ß¹Û*×Ý|Ãæ ø ×Ì>`ª¦v³ò¡î =ÞÙV|Bëæ 0O¿Ý|Ãæ
²hîÖ~T=Ðñw¶Uÿ uó'ß®¾aó]4wk?* èK¼]í?~ºùÌßn¾aóhîÖ~T=Ðx»Û*~ûuó#¾]|Ãæ
ÑÝ¬ü¨{¡.ñw¶TÝòëæ0G|ºù§Ì)§Ý¬ü¨{¡.ów¶T½îëæ0G{ºù§ÌhGv³ò¡îw½²¥ïw_4ù;Õ×Í>`£B;µt%ÞovÊ½]|ÓæïW_4ùðwk?*
èGy½Û+ßzºù§ÌÞ®¾ióáîÖ~T=Ðó{¶W¾õuóO#½]|Óæ ÂÝ¬ü¨{¡
æ÷l¯}îëæ0G{ºù§ÌhGv³ò¡îwÝ²½÷»¯|Á îëæ0Q¡
ÚÏÊºï7{eIß.¾ió»å×Ì>`£I.ígåCÝï7{eKßn¾aówÛ¯|ÁD;µt'Þ.öÊ¾Ý|Ãæï×_0ù
$wk?* èO¼]í7~ºùÌßî¾aó HîÖ~T=Ðx»Û*~ÿ uó%â_0ù$wk?* èO¼]ícÄ.¾aó¼Fëæ
0UÒGv³ò¡îø÷;eYñ¯|Á/ºùÌdÝ¬ü¨{¡>=ÎÙV¼Jëæ 0KÄî¾aóU$wk?* èG
çl«~'uó#Äî¾aóQ$»µt) ×;E\ñ;¯|Á )uó*hGv³ò¡î 1v}¢´"ÖnXzDtfÙÖ<µÁµB éÍ-
Ú¼­ 
b$Xà)BJÐºÏ¡úýK]]ßÐ?ý~¥Ê/ûgùG°®¾Êºé¿Sý+Ifè¿MúéZJÿ «?ÄT¡ÕB¨SB!B!B!B!B!B!B!B!B!B!eë¿àoç
¹åÐë¿àoç ¹åë?ªÿ óÇçS¡4ÒMuVÓ¡¸à6ïY®_£ÇBÑnÅx¾S 4#g:G©\ÒI.s]  
2^±EJ($*ÔñEP¶s& ¡Ë]2ÜBæóVD~$zBi¡ jç&I¡$&ÓIB©-Ã{8vïw
Î0IYjÔïHBØrTÓ\2,.øFÕ\¾i¿à8 «KOXÔ´.$çî¦ÓìT¯¾¹`©±Ò
ùX'zsHÐºöù{6.Qvì[@ Z½ o­Ás¿SÊAªðcÓá~c+r
¬üUáï2ç»ÔI%Ä´¸Ñ¡G&4r621ºAÀùVraÏÎ´Båè¼¢X
Daæ]gXûµ2En3³ZvGZóÜ7®yöÕÑ²ZÊÀIPm ªÖÖo¸p-k[µÏ42±#.¡Å¶â7$j×ëß¤ZÎ?³XßøHuGÛe\ÄH ¼7h¦!cÜéïÊ
Zv [VÊd'-ÏY}ÁYÜ©U¦Q¿)Ðz¤'ÃeÀ`ïíR«WñCyaàvxò
É»9¼Zíó 'µëX®rgÇ²æÞ¦*ÂKÒKRÀ¼¤½$ÒI4I&TÑFRGB²2"#JÚâWºSb^EÇÌÍR]¨@@STðF(ÅPSF(ä)ty8RéQB«=¹MQµµÚ®µtÛ;5*®ÛÝjªJY¶æQ®'PvÁ`i,ø¤!M0º¿
úýK]]ßÐ?ý~¥Ê/ûgùG°®ÎÊºé¿Sý*ÝÜÆ_(-ÑTÑ~õ?Ò¦Ôþ_ÊUwß=¿¥8õ:3Núåm¥Uý/YÎ1¹¹^G°4ËÉísö
Î]JàM<ÊÖaaE±£FÞäÀ £ÍË¤[·j×q¬7¡MÌ¥H-õ¦ê¾a4ÊæûÃÖ³Ý¯M4
¶gIçÁhÙÁdîíG,i×vrZ»0ãÆ¡¡fS ÙD
¶ZÚfµÞäìdnWî¦ÃEçQ×[lóMÎáï°r*ZV¢ ÀxÛÄôÃ vnUWFKàdÄôiåà'9Ê°Òùçõ(ÖH 
IÍ^ù#ÚêOþ;|Åt,{dh{MZEAX_ÉÞÎ7~,ÔòQ]ÐM+ÿ *yÊÏz¨ßirÄ)Ä#R»6pZ
*JÔ
}æÐÓã_ú7s·Ò¹ý=÷ÍaîË\hÇÊ¥jÄnX2ÀJ®±èJS"{Ëu§ºóºäÎYU¶¸«ó~Ã/¿¥Ï½X¾½uÕÙI
pµÅ¸Ww7eÎTF0À¼iFæuàºÕu÷ÞëeÍ6õmxlîaÉ ×aäâÿ -úÔcÊW¼(2Í8®­
ÖeÀFâBáU Û.4¹ÚþÐ¸qÇ*¸òï¦
!HÜgÃ%¯¬>Öä@Ö\O*óP¸qq0Ó¥C½cjî¾cÂ#*MbW¶ù­ t0]<=ÐæRÞó®¥
ÖfÀFâB¸UW¹uÐÍ!sðujqçUG¨DÖ QpÆÑì¹}júGÜ÷`òÈÛ@â9wn £®EÍu¤¦Fí Ôy
Päå(øÈ8 ô Ý ùf
«ZÜÝßm\¹qéSjØ®lmk½àÐ=i@F1@u+rÌ³õßð7óA\òè5ßð7óA\úôÿ ÕÏùäó¿©Ði&º«
õ)PÅµJ}+|4ö®­ðØ é¬/4¥-ëjÂÕ°52´åþ rÅÊ8"N¥á4Êã÷ûWiÇ`#¡
¯-ùtf4¹ÅÀ ¸ÿ Eë6?ü/$pË^c³ÐCªÞÒÓC´ mWòÿ ©? ^ZW¤ÒMu ¡
¤i(î%ì]û:D ¢12"#2¡¸¸ö1íüGØðèÐÐ`á?ÎÞ«Á§EkktIqÜ¥9Ï EÌêõ
Ý)Áµè·æJfR®C²l[-6¥¼ÿ cûQ¨jsj¬®èu»¿ OfæÜæzÑ£ú¬%y¡Ö®¶¤ dz
ÏpH³+ @ÍMhÞójûfÚgf`¥t¦Æ% ¬~| Öà³£¶sö«-µhÚ¢b
l­ìzW¹;sçÎ_¥±å"ñ<Þeý=ÄÒXEÜBñØ3ðëV`C?¥K0]B´øatÒ=Ä¾(Úù^
#¼Ib7GB 6î*(æ¸QÍvÂîÒ>Æ&ÙZ¸ jyR¤¾1U[ Óõ)ì '¼ÝÅuö÷ë0äv5Ã
yÝöÞ¸5wMÔ a;fn x %Q.%Ò ZÝØÉúJ°­Ëa ü!öÕ#31¨'U%íYSï Î¶r÷
O¬2Ú²sí¿Çéì"I¤µ, $HRI Ú
ªáíÉhåË\ôÔÐm<ÆXþ@÷´F0;+ÈreS¯Sè-l-'HÖ .5ô©Û¦Û7c.d
Á9"tFO.ÕÓ>[{<  Ìo±T¸-A®#WåËå¨õ*°iç@OaH! )6v J K>Ð¢]>\n>µÎ¾wÛRHB
\WQwôÿ _©r«»úÿ ¯Ô¹Eãlÿ (öÛÓùWQ¢ý7ê¥Y¿ÒÛÈÆ
¸´mé¿Sý+ISxÓzR%ô©G2ÃÐlgµ20m1 ¼Ù 
¡BíÃrfrÌêN1¤2åæÒ.ìæí,ñ¨EG!®Ô¤Þ_J
vh7JÓu(Z;åÆÊ53TØ¨pF¥GPÓwbÞo¹ÉEËMRÝÁÈxúw.± »|Ä )a(æÒNP¾KJÑ
yÞ¥U¬5 :B`Â¢>EÔ¡HsSy4³$pÆ .wNÒ® qÞ®° æ¦'É±y¿Ñ§sqi¼æ 4 ®ïw+¯
 fõ®QÚv¡~ñÞ0{©.ÞÛÆØ±¢T(]¿+DN0ÇJÏÖ-ä¸¶tq
Î$aåPèVÚÄöÌÜ¤º£Ãk!D]¶láI."ª6Í6äj ¹göûBìÕ<éÞéSÅuÞmÚ$i9²m;p+£B·½MÁaÕ¥µ
úV¥½ä³f0kLû·¨Îqâ=¾Oíç®j¡B]æNHCÆEr:à.¾£p$2Y4ëûéy
ØRE±u¤Es8Îpp¦Áh«5L -e±$eæQá¹/çu-6ynÛ$L« `­FäõM>â{Á,l«\j7.
¨óSà7E*FØ/µsÚq5è6U&5­i÷7 &fhh;¨âWBGLp0A¶ íX¶,p p.iâ9×
¾A(âfþ©]  ÌDH`ÀP Ö&±mw#ÙÝse+²úÂ×8FÐïx4WD*¥pÊ1
Ý*B,IÖ²µßð7óA\úè5ßð7óA\úôÿ ÕÏùäó¿©Ði&º« ôÓCU?*®º Ýív5u5.j\è+g+<íô
[K²ïÎÿ q¿yà·¤æ¦Áº¥x³A X9üêÀ9\ ¶ a[ll&S; ¦1LÁ7º$pU Ómà¾}ó^ò_gCLÇ
ý¶UZ#05ß_½92AÐcl¸¯,|SÞÉ »Ò¤L¤8ð ÓíÈ¨éÚ\qÑ=ït¸ ÃÝ`òz6À
wUu;K#_ÅØ;Ú²§·u³Ìo¥yX¹K¹ò¹çyÃhåFù;^p Ú¢M$×IrSM$ÓI5Mç¶ÍÜ¥['($îVtXÄvæãñ½ÎÇ
Õ$Ä[ ioäLa9s-èÖt*?Ê¯`ÚßÜw1ÄË+7×âwÈw9e[b !]··§IÊhóº«D
*äYk³n­éd±4!V·!B«qo\B¶`²®p sXû¬\ÇÕUÕËC+¦þ-v{NîïÎß&$áÕàÔP?hàV ¤æ 
ÜBì5 ­{oÆÂÒ Ä ¶ @DÇÙQÜ"vLq»£Q$5ÙpÞ* Õ\4M$&ÚÜÜÈ#ßÌ¢^áÂñ#v´ÕB`È
ÙYl(­ 9Öó9òâ:'wùÛÍFÚÆhíçÍAZwqÇ«F¡Euá#>õéòUçnÀ=I4e 
¢rgØ-µW: ¨½yÍÛ Å +5)^ ñ§-Tâ0 ]NºO2òè  ìÄÞÞÏ\\} JðO´Þwâ¥&ÐAÒ±µ
ÃÛ³a=.~>_JÊ Ó1¥w.ªé¢X Þ-+t [¾3¼´½ h¤jT¤vcUá4f1#BäJFDÈéBI¤SN9®¢ïè
þ¿RåWwôÿ _©rÆþÙþQì+»§ò®£EúoÔÿ JÒYº/Ó~§úTÚË­m+=áò*®ÄÊô¢32oZKD
â#VÏ¼t§;súyUí;SKIkÒ!VÃú)Ï`L%U&hesXmK Bã ½E-
Ä³#1 ¿mKLÔee²IWv~áw.äçÊÙTA lÐ.>at(\l1Ö>{òº´fc´û9þÉâöl£le§7ª7yqluÞCØSßBÓBã­Zu
ë²**~Ø{A»ÂFbðÖæmxðò©O0NbÕ>Ô Ç9fº4.Z-.îñÏ}Ót«±õìRhs9ï¹iss
zRå¥õù@ ÎºT.^]6wv^ËVã?mÊÏñËdkÚòKJ»)rà@ÜÄ©Ïü )âÄ3­ô."2ë©
ã0W7IÇy[Ú5£¢.Ê%iI*Wyan$ã©¾£:Ke aXºs ËX*G m"æ[k³g#ªÚ¹¸ñ 9Ñ.TÆ'{~"£ t
rÀé]2/&vÀ^é1='{z SO81ìÙïTyÝ£D§ ìEeÀ§5Ö!ròh·lî¡£Òw±G¡Å4ó3 ÍõIÇ
Ú4JqºÄV\ s]b Z!B!B,­wü üãÐW<º wéÛùÇ ®yzÏê¿çüÅqùßÔèM4]U 5§¤^i
_î?o!Ü³QDâbt§HHh]È¹H9AS®WMÔ
£èìcw¼=k¨FÈÐö´ì!rîÚ6å÷t.¥¢ä~öé»sC¶ùÕ}=ñ»8 ýØ*UÊó[Q5RÞÉÍràNæ3Ý
Õbi Þhm $pTµ+ÓlY Ø}ËR\Ü:æC#·ì ulÛáÇï ×ýÓr_td½&¼«öl99[Äïò+e8À<*a
LÓ åSMkÃ¤²7ÙÕhÄn¯?ÛÊ¢¿¹³± £óèU âR«YÔ­<¹L®HGPÖ±î'
ErØº->BìKü©CäåToÂï'¥ij4î iëûê©æÜÈºÕÊÈFÄÅ/\ã 6Ã¡YVµ¡hÚ6ªÊzT"y#Û
æ´ùhº§|W6ÏmÚrÂ0 ôvùUD9[íÊD¡×*´ll! .&ycc-;
×ÞRË¥Å4¯tÂØótCä¡§È¬iâ(lî?÷#kØfvã´  §)á» ·ÛÏÝi){ãi{æe9Gº+ZÜ
-ìè¦<æ¨ÞÞJªægi¶PºÞlî|Æ4 &É m: b¡m]Êé­"¿8NÙ
ð)U÷ä«6:Jö¸à_ÌwT3q´lé\uÓjÚ¬å©rKIÄ¬K%ñ¾
Ù¼º]:2ÌZZ;C¾£äåâ¸ÅÛèÿ @3lìä¯ßë¢8#b¦¢å¹SVózVu¡ÍJ
/ð/¥nX_ÆÆv3ãí]9FÜeÕuÈ¢2»(ÊTâX¬Üd3¾°¸Ò®¦#­æø3FÞ!F<Ä$ÁØjrå®DÎ¥i-
:ÜÓo];×í m)Àê´W+ ÎâFm ªµ¹eËÙå /µAª#t®Ç+~¸Ó.°õ¯Mn`¤êª]ÚÉ!A!ãÊÓÎ=jZ^¿
§£xFÐ,«ZÐx¯:JÆ æYY Kä 4o(C²­w?w Ò  år²ÐB·©jñÔFßtzÊ¤ü  l-oÖ%b¹xL\n¨
4It=$i)Ç5Ô]ýÿ ×ê\¢êîþÿ ëõ.QxÏÛ?Ê=
w´þUÔh¿MúéV¯cH^ÙF'«¢ý7ê¥h=¥®i!Sxµé RúT£Õ eÊ²ÍÌS À06¥ÁµÄî
^uãLK{kÙ´´yO©j;øÝ¹uC VpÅ`Öô¡ VÉó0¥ºõN öªÅ²ú/ea
Í¬³Èê=§¸ó¯VrI5ðík\<õ> ¦ïãväÔ9àpÃØ´­,b´ggÀí®5EÎj
H&F;¡(:¬¶|ØzW9¤Ù[ÜÁ+æ÷³eÚ¤Ðn$)ÈÄ5¹Àÿ *ü¿ÇmÞâæ4
ÃbÐ´²Ò>Î1ÚNÓÎÞb±2¬ÓöY8À46kÓ,ãÔ_+î CK »OXþ;pæJøv²
ÕæÞ¯KürÝî.isk¸lV`Òa·ñ²µxÊçþ*'s·(È9"LÑnªQ4ëXºªë×÷x\À¸WðZzc-,ãvI÷Ó3Ëq4
 ÿ æ­þ7ýÞÅfËFÎNÑq4"¦ÿ " ËM¾ ¹ëyÊqÊGZk
°9ßÛépÛÎ³4+1òBâL!®qä¦ð´fþ;o#\ÊîÛ-:&Æ*O¼çm)¶£nPÊ'ìô§L8mÖ²¬¬4ÛþÌ¹ô
Ò£b­üx¸\½5ai¯´fþ;n÷4¹Ü6+ÖZ|VM-bv¸í)Îü(ëfû) ËÐ\ »s
hr¹¸ñ"Ôöú©s1ÜkÈZ÷$Oí1kÜ»ÔÖ:\651Ô¸à\å)sÈÀõÎ4Ó© T?ÜDØ[øÍ]Ì?ªÐÒí
µ³¼Îç+ÅöóÃäsm=þÅw#Á ¨æï%0 FG¡aÿ #¹,°·ñ»U¡¥Û
kf3yÎWí&+çÈç(Ú{ýÈðaj9»É BhBeb!B!B²µß§oç
¹åÐë¿NßÎ=sËÖUÿ ?æ+Î~§Bi¤ê¬)¦hQMX¶»ØÖ7SÜ« bRodjqG[C-èuá²VyZ}_ÕjEy
­Î× rà¸£7 º-2ZiÏyÜ è\ÛÑ¶:®¥¸ß ªzÔ×Ül4gÒCÈiÕ¡ÿ Ò
ÿ éHýuòg,Z^6óðU#ÿ Ä¿óûáÎ®Ã7ÛgGÿ çö+cH&4Üó¨ÌâUû»[ØÀé#Ö
;ò©ïunë?c5[VÓi'`Yú·þ>ßôVfhv¯ w2¿sB"©ýCèe'9
m;U}ÄÎfdx^ouwÅ1Þ>ÑÍ~ßRØjãòz+G]Í°ivc79å@µk¤@$àå ¶­í>ù·±v
ÑÍàUµÎÛ[_[C3Ø îinZ ç7{I}ã³÷Êþ  q®Ï"ÏvÌEs£H9>:>µ8Èà.¤Õ
ÁGmï<å'çÜ³¿ÅØÏ`øÁ 6cöåVîfÖÉäò4¸qÃú)ÝU1¼%&ÙË¨>[aý
Úp[ëÞ1c©wxkÙÈÚí¦úúÃÌõ¢GVÚÛj¶ :,ªÄ!B!YZïÓ·óA\êèµß§oç
¹Õë?ªÿ óÉæúý ¦Ua+ÒkÊhQVìnÍ¤¢AØáÈºÆº;ê(æ8.-/phÚMKa§r ö:lÝ_G­bæc
$í%³±ÏøYZ>êH:Ýr©m VÆ?¢ëôë®b6²Ð<C_¾»½µßñwW=¹ìÉØ h< bgÕ©t%¹::Ñû2
iT^KOíE®ü¬ÙçY¬·EÛÌ\òCÍ¸s¯rÅwg {cI§­G Ä/°Üt -,¦ý£M2>
mQ>N½Çcæ,«2v·o7:o²HÒàÇ»!<ëÍ½äPÝ ZÒØéJ
»(ªI4½ÅÇÕ0$Nx2OZ39ÏÖlTµb)¾»v!»½3å Óßo"!úäeµ4ËÚeéSó-;OâÏa­Î?ñf?zq¶ø£+¢.AYvöwÄµc  tÜÖáÎyWS
0èðçwD7_yîûy:ÑÙB-£ Üq í qå>u»îÖl]¹¼p$ÑkR¢ì
!·e¼r·¯Î¼Ns»i6tpVItaÓÉ»vW¦nL¹)$Jj´/+ÒI&ò½$ %å"½/$ÐT¡0©CD&¦©,v¶9­
'Oï²ô¿ÆÜ]ì]dÅk ]F´l Å ü~ê6µÐ8åq9ãÈ´/tæL\ò\\]N'¢<¥f´ËE[À<åË®¥2
àeííÊâÝ´4Áy]h ÉqÉ$,×&h^R+ÒòP§ Âéîþÿ ëõ.Quw@ÿ õú(¼gíå
Â»ú*ê4_¦ýOô­%¢ý7ê¥i*/þ¬ÿ RT*zo¢ÈM
1k¸Ýîg5V6ÿ È2éP¾bvãLrÑ³Ì KªéÏ» C¹âáJr¯Z­­`Ùe¢
Þio²íÒ/µfÉa#¯ÙtÈÖÐû'/¡ÓÞËÙn Zc{rÓ~ïbÓB8Òfû´ô"ëuÏ7E¹c
$¥»H®4û}·)¤L,]kVç.ÍZnä[hV fál°
å¤(ðÂÈ¾Òå¸µFZÖ6î±y¾mÕF@Ü´ß½h!C6o?þ³N³ü]Td
ËMûk½2åºâÍá¥þð?b¶~`¥¶ À j¡¥Ø(ÈqÌ÷ Î*ú«äe,Ê !fØXIm<Ò¼Ù
VÓnÒqÁi!FRÍ>:&¡¥NùÍÅ«²¹Ã+ñ¢³o¥6+G[8Ô¾¹ËýüÌcêýzhëD¹{Ë 
_Õ4×ÝË ²ÊÍ i¡Hó ðÃÑ~PF¦M ÆæéÙ¤"zÒc|rN×»5 1­G ZÕQC
ilbãÎRã!*¾Ó±"ÌÊT! :!B,­wéÛùÇ
®utZïÓ·óA\êõÕÏùås}~Ðkª°Ó^SBô¤< f4áU D»mMSÊ½!C¡t ë ' <ée
Xö(ÔìS Ë?1)J;Ä:5å5%Ï^^SBKÒkÊhI4ÒM &HMExKï xïPæày ¶¦å\ë
u­69«¶Ã ZìÖ
xÿ öCýýè¢ðn¬%vSK×3}ÞÕ àqQXµ¡Q.^YF~¦ß9h)ÙÄê%^ðí>¿µN9½[~ån4èÝ1­hÙ%O8áÃz§Ü
ø~ò½¶ÖìhK»Ü?j#Ìy«NoÚ^ yú½´á¬¯ü-kH
Z¬ÁÞ¥$Ã±48h Ü ¢jÁËD©R9ÙÂ&YÉQEnÈ}Ñòv©PÒ Ädd^EÊBI$I
¤$hI4¤wPeSªrI «¥£¢ÄA Â t¦æ µP¯Q H*®S¤Kbç¤i!4½$P§
Âé®þÿ ëõ.Quw@ÿ õú(¼gíå
Â»ú*ê4_¦ýOô­%¢ý7ê¥i*/þ¬ÿ RT,_RÉÌl-kë´è*züñ½¢æ0ÖàéRkr6;g»µÕ'8*úÖ£ã
'f­hy©ÛjÜe`Ûq j¬ÕR[Ùh]:õÕÁ6¦Ê3»Èuq
É³»9c¿ªÉÝåMn2ª-­YXvõ«1j>ò[bV73v×w/*Kºæ"ùÛÁÔ¥ÂÏ¶4Õ.øÿ ïMÔdîR\Ls8ÓÌ(<êÙÚîDeIúÒÇ
«m êf1z Vîøx}êö£};Vöý
eÆ»[Éé¯2¬òÒDJ'7:7N°Ù-¤,]:ââgtìÆå´©¹lÀ±ÇH#J.²õ}S¸´èd;râé¶ðß°
Ós¾mã7;4ÌÞÐ×ÝK6.hû×Á¶x15HÔuä«¨ï>-nI%k'fVÉî8W×µYÔõGZ¹°ÂÜò»mÃÈ©ë-É±{¶tõWð·ÿ ö©QlµÑ
Údiü%r7_HÅ^Ó5
üÃej¾°ôÑQ¸hØqûÿ ªÜYoÄF{¸Î$P!P¦!B!B!B!BÊ×~¿z
çWE®ý;8ôÎ¯YýWüãñËæºýM$.¢ÄBi¤Ô¤ª+y¤nf1ÎhÀ¨ÄfU¶ ]×÷/5Ý°¯N4
N!Ng©/qïDPK?øçshMpJ¸À¢èÝR¦¼ÅéIa!zMyRCæpdc3àyMO-Ä-Ï$n
ãE$#4Ó^SMEzMy^ãÒ¸1®;ÈBµá_-Ê[ÈÆ Òp! r(0Ìá ÜpI+\æ4Ü\x/ º&
ê(Ý+*ã°4773ØàÑ´ÑC®¦±Î´'4$&X;àÜä §
¯(C!$ÒBhINû9£pcCî*9b|N,x£ÐRprR¤Â$ÒBI4IÏkv5Áä q8$ãZ:WgLæ ôFÕÌÞätï-I<®¶·;²¶v4år«-T¤VþjM@.Fdo·Å
6u¬D#¹4 ú½JÆ>Gº3±Â¸b®´æcÜ) 7úÀDA ó¨ÿ ´äDùq¬¥YÇÖçab3I$ÒBi$SH¡J9
Ó]ýÿ ×ê\¢êîþÿ ëõ.QxÏÛ?Ê= z ?u/Ó~§úVÍÑp·#x{ÇÞ´
ÇêÏñ(uBÀÖãl6Ìv-s¨G!pZPiv¶î0 6Iô¯W6ÜÉ
¯$:3VÓfÚã¶¥+§FD05âIXíWs¤4hÊO0ö"g¶ãU³5ÈÞ
+Jÿ MøÒ¡ÃcÔ¬4È¬A,©qÚâ­ãB±âQChó¨Ò]´;¬ëüÇä?üU[Fé3ñ×Í­Öiñ²wÜìÏHÂ¹9³°Ò#
*æ¸sr&y;büæÛëT­u(mì!5-¹AÆ»?ª¡¨ñy ó#
¼mûyUáüvØI®-­rWz÷OõaÝ-ÚmBuA÷Î§úLc¡e[XÅ àiÏ ôHâÓ¿Ê½éúí'lÅà× 8ë
*\Ê 39_UÜæ$æ0ÄÅ cõfÒ/ò_¦oç
õrzó3Yðºµ~úÅÌÈH æèý4²HÌOi*0¼"-k>¤Ì^­¡súì¹e´qK8nØÎs`Õó<Ð=¸ÍORµg¢Ak'j
q îmÊký2+à3Ô9»
Ük``)'ñb£L³Ò¨iN_\JÜ[²¾_è·Uk+(ì£ìãç$í*ÊËzbsxõCÐ¬a*T!B!B!B!YZïÓÎ=s«¢×~~qè+^¯ú¿ùÇâ+Ìõú!uV2E7
ò6]ÈÊA¢$"\¥U,7ÂkyóÚ;3½QÁÔ­ãÇj÷4²Nüòâî4¦ÅBkDaLiY§:¥R²íFç 9k@ èú5
4Ø½f6.{,·[m }ñ­ n V¥Ê "k-ØöºµãsÝênMÝ?{ ¼ëÐ¼7 {²ì¦bn]¯&@½ÎûU­
RñóÔ­ù\ÙÚ34zRbßÓäcÑ¸9
áJûÉä_#;s¶e*FÝáÒF¡o³OÏÂ0XXKøVE¡hv60ì¯pÊ?+·°µî l £º2K
à]ïPíQ6¤F'ÉÔ èâ-¯-L·/\Ù,¢èQ®ËÒø6)æ#
ÍÚòó®w¼Ë²Ìr|5ÁêbÎÏ;²|5Á>Ò$¹à5.ÖÍt1L$»Î\0G+Ø65ÎÈSïST
î«EÁDçI©;J bq.¡räf]æ)fd/Áí¤<Ç ·±QÞ7Ü\Jæv`nV~¹÷\Êç¹î. \BBê`ó
{³®®*¡d¥¡].b2Î:~ Ð:ÎØ½¬, |ÑÂà>íþeéºe³²0";^^q\ã®%sûBâ^?qGy
î«ýìvó§Âi.4; _íy¸{_#Á¤£V:;T«ÉWHZ9ªb@RÉR
ï@¨5UÌ©QeáObßÞ!µ{ñ;ÇFb/%®9?yQ41Ú½P!]n9íÑ<Jp^Ohòøp4ËZUCsw=Ñ¬Î.¦Êîò/d!Bv¤K*Ûw£ª¯l¨<j)¨ÆÜÁ|¯@3I$ÒZD;HìBs
¦»úÿ ¯Ô¹EÕ^X;ý~¥Ívà¼gíå Â½Êºkf÷kËS½Ý³9ìWÒ×,¤v[ËqY¡ÚßÇ±Cks
ÔbHÍAû¹¹Û&3â¬½©Zt :
ÏW!B!B!B!B!B!B!B!B!B!B²õÑ[qÈáè+]Ý¸¸Ññs®BF:78P^úÚ6þÔK¶Â¹üÌMUh)!]&«!4ÒBjzMyM
)­s¡É&µÁÍ 6 VBÞ°×mkÙ<#svgv?o2®u¸§wÓfi> {òÜø×ðìQË¡:ùX
jÖØ£µÔ¢ÊKw½Ù¹7oò-õÛxÛÃ-;7å"¼û~Ûg2Ö¬ÙÏR¦mZtøäÊÀ\êgü^ñ©µm.[v:2jq}i³UQö
µ lèûÄúÔ¡oyohá+Ãº¾n3j¢Ò%¤w1M
¸»uAQË¢t,åÌ6(ôÍB;X¦cÁ¬§1ö¯SjQ¾ÖZxÜ k³
×QlÔ£¹@|ÇÖ´nthÄlkZF,¯HíÇË±Es¢¶K£.kF\Ùvå¥<ûW½RÚYâ¹`vv{¸ýø«ö0]^ºXsUÌéæä-8ä­kr4ëzEÎø"íÚð
rWu¹cf!Ì tÃsSºÔmÙí kºN«³sãè^&½´
»4±ÎfMN;ø)¼ÈÇJ¨`¸lJvM¹dç)#ð´cO¶åtL/£ \2ñËµFëàÃeZD*15rÓ~½¥¡Ý
(1.ä¯Ú¥Ü ])lìÆ ^lU1£»îZPý¨ '20òÁ[+vâqÃ ±ÖªK¤K NKW4mûb þÄÙ9¬sq
Ü´-õ¶$§³}:#eØ¡ïöÓI4 ./ÿ  %<¼Ê`Ì á±VclÓß-*y4ÞÞ;v01 í®a\z5ÅWC( {\Y\Í
nÑYX½Þ¡ßÚm øi*ªÄrÚ:³dÃßâ-ªÂ- ?øúÖ*I¤´¬¨III$I
¤i!4;SÚB$~gDÎÜxU âg,¶ÜL¤ [_v­÷æ,`ûªWEá¶ÿ  ÊÑ­Ýw1Ôem2ÀÓÃ{¼¿mË
^s»}·­¶êô.Åb½!aßh¯læÀH}øÏ¸ÿ aû`-³¦[S¥Õ!ß Õ/
ºò´ó§n£jìD¬ò¸!p®÷wøu} ¼VÈ×¥ïöß5vûQßí¾k:íö¡ ¯
÷½J[Ûßí¾k:íö£¿Û|ÖuÛíBð¾÷©Ûßí¾k:íö£¿Û|ÖuÛíBð¾÷©Ûßí¾k:íö£¿Û|ÖuÛíBð¾÷©Ûßí¾k:íö£¿Û|ÖuÛíBð¾÷©Ûßí¾k:íö£¿Û|ÖuÛíBð¾÷©Ûßí¾k:íö£¿Û|ÖuÛíBð¾÷©Ûßí¾k:íö£¿Û|ÖuÛíBð¾÷©Ûßí¾k:íö£¿Û|ÖuÛíBð¾÷©Ûßí¾k:íö£¿Û|ÖuÛíBð¾÷©Ûßí¾k:íö£¿Û|ÖuÛíBð¾÷©Ûßí¾k:íö£¿Û|ÖuÛíBð¾÷©Ûßí¾k:íö£¿Û|ÖuÛíBð¾÷©Ûßí¾k:íöªbÆïJÀï=µBÖ:ã]z'û2Ëu
ôn"#Àz×á î!ë¡ ¼;ëùXÏÉÑÜcýÄ=tw~â ºò¥Gày:}Å¸®âÏÜC×Bñ¾T¥áü
Å¸®äÏÜC×Bã|©KÃìõ£¹3÷õÓîlýÄ=t! 7Êx}´w6~â º;?q]Gò¥/
±>èßÜC×Gtoî!ë¡ñ¾T£ÃlGuoî!ë£º·÷õÐxß*RðÛî­ýÄ=tÅ¸nËGëBã|©GØvoî!ë£»7÷õÐxß*Qáv#»ÜC×O»ÜC×Bã|©G
Øî?q] Ü~â ºåJ^b;ûzèìî!ë¡ñ¾T£ÂìG`?q] ýÄ=t! 7Êx]ìî!ë¦!¦ËGëBã|©G
Ø`?q] ýÄ=t! 7Êx]ìî!ë£° ¸®#ÆùR ±zteÞõÌGëÏw ¸®#ÆùR Øw
¸®ìßÜC×Bã|©G ØìßÜC×Gvoî!ë¡ñ¾T£ÂìGuoî!ë¥Ý[ûzèB

> ---  
> |  
> ---  
  
' b'GIF89a 6 Ä  ÎÍÎÿÿÿ·µ¶$ !qopçæçPMN¨¦§967ööö  #
½»¼-*+[XYíìì><=²±±ÚÚÚâáâ301¡  zxyÆÄÅfcdGDE®¬­ñïð!ÿ XMP DataXMP
ÿþýüûúùø÷öõôóòñðïîíìëêéèçæåäãâáàßÞÝÜÛÚÙØ×ÖÕÔÓÒÑÐÏÎÍÌËÊÉÈÇÆÅÄÃÂÁÀ¿¾½¼»º¹¸·¶µ´³²±°¯®­¬«ª©¨§¦¥¤£¢¡

~}|{zyxwvutsrqponmlkjihgfedcba`_^]\\[ZYXWVUTSRQPONMLKJIHGFEDCBA@?>=<;:9876543210/.-,+*)('&%$#"!
   !ù     ,     6  ÿ` dihª®lë¾p,Ïtmß¸\ |ïÿÀ
pH,ÈäÑam"tJ­Z¯Ø¬vËíz¿ÞG¡ÒJ4zÍn»ßð¸|N¯Ûïvâ²Ym¢  
M)k)ij¨©ª«  (§¸­­¹§Á½»·Á¿¨&i¶ghÓÕz RÆ
jÚÚ§Rß¼TÔÝÛØÍ%ÏØôõöõÐ° ØÇ 8à¯L1ÐÀÁ $5S84¬ÅþðGØímÓCÝ:r¼ÿ
¡A`XÄ` álw)nÚv.^Àm;ÓË·»2² » RtNbh$ð h@8@L)!Èh³ P
ø ÈxÀ 0É  ûäL  ap­|à*Zù qC@ç¹pMT×zE àQx@*À h²¸ : `
RP@ À¥@ -ÐÌÎá1(5Ý­z®[(\Ç,BåPÎ5Ï×¶fX
ÄÀq V@Ùfze¥@ D"0 Æ2P¿ P@   @3$ÿ c _í`ÅKúrñ4)ÚV? ¬­ ôON  
ÀVN2 æ&2  ¿UPGÔøO ¼$ á#ùÅ\hHÛ;çN~²0@ëO
úT52C?S`púËqÌj'±­NL ^-X ùDF]çøPÈ<ó=/})­â<½7¨& }øZ
ü /)H^0P ¡á[2å$dQD2)kêÉ ßEÀ@y0p¡ ¸M!KÞ Ùß9)ð)LCAÉ³
r9KÓJ¨ÿz+SîÐm©` û!ª ÖÛåéz©- ²Xæ»=:)³Íål +Ý²¢³Öõ T"Ó« @3§Þ
¼ ràñFÕ®-Õu»ôôt]@ÎvÇlyü¯_9­;úõ²½
gýª&`mNjváwÀ~QxLý@GÞ¤ám ,j{ì¥*Àä X -Ükr¯û>, )ÚX­PKJ.¡ÃN"ø N
ÜÏPÞ/zR_¤ ê¸¯ õ ®©×Æ¬­X¦`àò±#à¨L`\ 3§Ão@Ù$j
ª0ÿH%*ð¶õö¢h V$ PªÄ^Båd,¤y®4Èw®§P
"l¸IN`oIqúu þdã|N eGXÅNcèSÖôÌ`ïF+¹@ðÆVg pvÎ ÑRjN @¥x |~îj
pæZøK!`Ñ+x¤%PRþ@{ÎfU xk 8¤õF}­ I[ÃÕrE D8?¯Ï
6­¾PfjPMpF@bxLþSÈ pÀhü|2_È¡¾µão6'TQ BÇèCù À»Ùf 
¾ÿWà³ý9E ¿XCN»Òc ý5¬ 'g<­çÍV_ÖA×§ãoì}u2¶»½íYÅÅâ ßÈA°¿êTFü<çôæí
I¬æH±È^Ï#Ô¢AõæÒ*xï;p>ñ)Bxºtâ,ü(wÙ]í xõâê'°a>|ª8Å xzÔC
GDm¬"ñc×ïÀ(è±í£1uÞC½õ»'Qé¼ãáøÈÞÏüæËA
>oOýê[ÿúyh[½Sð&áûà¿øÇ/~¼H£À ÔÏþõ»¿ýð¿üãOÿùÛ¿þø¿¿þóÏÿýÛ_þ'8Xx
¸ ØX!  ;' b'

> | |  
> ---|---  
  
' b'GIF89a 6 Ä  ÿÿÿ$ !geeO¹¸¶·ÊÈÉÆEgõuÐ°ëëë§r|úµ{¾ß CHK#
?Z946m´º|z{" ãââVVVÕÓÔ  ¨§¦ôôôÜÜÜ!ÿ XMP DataXMP
ÿþýüûúùø÷öõôóòñðïîíìëêéèçæåäãâáàßÞÝÜÛÚÙØ×ÖÕÔÓÒÑÐÏÎÍÌËÊÉÈÇÆÅÄÃÂÁÀ¿¾½¼»º¹¸·¶µ´³²±°¯®­¬«ª©¨§¦¥¤£¢¡

~}|{zyxwvutsrqponmlkjihgfedcba`_^]\\[ZYXWVUTSRQPONMLKJIHGFEDCBA@?>=<;:9876543210/.-,+*)('&%$#"!
   !ù     ,     6  ÿ dihª®lë¾p,Ïtmß8|ïÿÀ
pH,È$RãiHdJ­Z¯Ø¬vËíz¿`/äÑ&dÍn»ßð¸|N¯ÛïxüfSq}Ðk  e,
Q \+ Q «¬­® +¯¶·¸k +¹ÂÃÄ
}*µÅÌÍ®Ç¾ªRj©Ö{U{S{Ü{ÚáÖkáæÝQçäâÎÐÉË SmÒº.àá
:<p¡Ã@*@¨ðÀ@îÈ<Ðð` ü"T(± ÔÿÈ3¤ Y_ØEx0 æ©ØèJµ  |¨p¡ O
@dx¢ÁÒ *LÀôBÃ=5dH`hT+ ÑsBYLA 8L¨Ivo T C ]@õÉ>  Ø 
Õ¡B  2ðkà0à hÓ^ã-/0tPÈÀUÎ{"LJRá¢µ3 =úÄ©T  8ô/Æ{@-
@¡¡EG©÷vÜ¹5PHÀÀnk,@ÒfpÁ ^0J Æ7$:pCÍh»JJÔè tî°uLÌ]ÿvÜ%
U7âé9À|CÅiSÎ ã!9R ÒM<Û¤¢MÜ°cÎfÃI0£h  Ý D,=b(ÙúßÑ "À ip «v
÷¼Ã1   % `¨cT øLú'ºUIz+CÐ"À<À´Ä¨Ü·+°ÈB KyO¥!<& P²<f
(À} ç6@ SY/qó¨À&R;à Pà6Gh%´ô2  @ÁÄÊ°ÿ¶~ Èà× ¡Ô®}±¨
ì¬%ÊQ> f*&
 ?4G]fÃ3vÉÉCàêÂHè9òPâÈ²¨\ e3RP$§à§#Ä;ñW`' ªSÛQ-jxÃ
ê,SÚ$#]eÀÊBb[¸ÈF³. d$# 4l aWÎ¨xU"+p ´v©Û Êæy#
$£5`ÀqtÑ,ëWó= Éú:t OMx (tH¸ % ÈÀ1LeF5ÏlK"Ðó+ ×Ò) Í¥A
Àá$S! ÿ ¸ce§´Ò ~ÐvD #3NÔe² À6{áÄ¨ågI
Z1JTáæd"R(àÉ@æ°¹±`&#Ü§~rÈ.CÆdcUØùPPUlvp6RLFn`É )0à©?ª¡Q
ð[t¦<"P <õi$%À ¡:l 3sU£])ÛÈ(t
g¶DOá/ú!shj!s¥åíLb¹ßñÃ<&PÊÖà½bé§ÃÔi^ zSøUK°R5d+KpbK
ÒF/*°À\G5êXÈþacÜèß2Ãþð³®#ø§!Ê FªF¯ÿ­}&Ã
Å¥ÈFó·h,ndñ¨Ål0`ÁBWÊóê¢ `¯|íSy1»·9S'üÛ#dÃ>*­åi áµ®ÑÏèºª¹.
 p âQ(|Æ©'°g,¼EÔ!ÄSKHcq®{eûlg;÷@ ){ "]Ë[Ð¢ê,E Iìës]$° T·q{m
ÛiªLLf j¤D#SàI^Y¿¢<vDËC~Õt©k s T`fa Î43Ñ 5öÛæ4«¥Á"
ÅÎLc;ûyYëSMCç?PÕrèFkBwr åÖ¼"råáÒÎ´¦7í#À5ÈÑ¯9MêRúÔ'zïÞù+!ÑÓÕôä
¬gMëZÛúÖ¸Îµ®wÍkâMA¼BìbûØÈN¶²Íìf;ûÙÐvs@íj[ûÚØÎ¶¶·Íín{ûÛà7 B  ;' b'

> | |  
> ---|---  
  
'
b'GIF89a 6 Ä  777EEE&&&­­­³³³çççbbbsss   ÄÄÄ|||ÿÿÿºººSSSËËËjjj¡¡¡[[[ÓÓÓÛÛÛ¦¦¦êêêõõõ
üüü!ÿ XMP DataXMP
ÿþýüûúùø÷öõôóòñðïîíìëêéèçæåäãâáàßÞÝÜÛÚÙØ×ÖÕÔÓÒÑÐÏÎÍÌËÊÉÈÇÆÅÄÃÂÁÀ¿¾½¼»º¹¸·¶µ´³²±°¯®­¬«ª©¨§¦¥¤£¢¡

~}|{zyxwvutsrqponmlkjihgfedcba`_^]\\[ZYXWVUTSRQPONMLKJIHGFEDCBA@?>=<;:9876543210/.-,+*)('&%$#"!
   !ù     ,     6  ÿ #dihª®lë¾p,Ïtmß8»-ãÿÀ
pH,È¤ry ``@bJ­Z¯Ø¬vËíz¿à/Çra}á´zÍn»­Ç ñ®Ûïx0¤äÿu (hY' '
o'¡¢^ £¨©T¥&ª¯¨¬%®°µ²$´a ¶Á`¸#º_   §ÂÑVÄ"Æ]   c
ÐÒÒÔÖ\ SÝ R\  k Ú^ù  õÁÈÛr@Á¶PHA
~WLèUâ8 ·¸ÁB8X?°­ ÿPhÃð¬
0ÈÁ) ðõÃ$'y@ IzFáA èfäÑKSÛOgTN ¹ J4ø`PfY ` Q/Ðë
aÜA°AA¨îª Â |0  0ÀZ¿5PÁï¡H\½µE+3§p  ¦ (û%ÏM6
à&ÚPo[P8lýL' B ßjª 2±P@ð×8Uo]{h(A¿ 24"t
fKàTè  >Kèð.É ¨ZÇÜK#° tY =ÿt`pCU @G55  TÐÀk·aO ð
Ôu`A ô½¦Ügd¦ ðP@ÎO ÐZA_ °Ð (·  @ ÀOTÀ  x (p¥h
ÈÓä4 ÀBõCGýmQ£ ÅÁü PH @]DUô
ªÈ¨Å~L± (N@mjñß<¤ÌC·9úh-fñ&¹ @  ¦¾Ò)ÿM  5j b« Y+ñ«
ÈªW JÅQ¢J
Úø¨e¥qÀÿE­0ykÅ¤ÞI­(&ÐRTà|îJÞWäIè¾ÍÔ@5©Ø½ý(%@'ÐÌ6i5ÏôöDÕ¯Y[Å"lpD
ÊN¡  TÐ ­a£ÀhHÐåtDPr´ÞQk J Ê`Á+K0  t0g < t
ÈKESP`@¬Etì(@ahÅ ÅTüºë^!Aþ À  Æ1@r±¥ ®Ñ7ÚÙtv Ä4Ü ¼sq¬ý^H
ê³Ø¡(A6gûiMaRè §­]=ÅÆgÿxv82Ö à÷]|S¨¦Àz HÀãJÜBS À2$Ð@je ¤ï
ÔåeUØ4ÔpÁïî2¯ùu¤Y»á¾Bsc HQý
o®4Td0uòP:ÏQÄ" røJÇù^­o è/ üÜ6DêÅc kyÈV6³ ÎeÀ   " X
 p*pòUÊB (ò°vÅQ¥IÈ [  Ä P %`U¡AJµ¦a Ã<Ð#AL@ÛÆô$Å*î
ý@*vÑ^]ÄbFàyø÷úçg¤Êk|£ +Ä9ÚQ q¼ã ó¨Ç9ã} d:aGòU¨Ä
.HA­ hä! éIÒ à ÎpI;Æ¡Gìä£î¡É|` *WÉÊVºò°¥,gIËZÚò³lIvÉË^úòÀ
¦0IÌbó¾  ;' b'

>  
'

b"Amazon.in Order Confirmation Order #171-2187808-0722739
www.amazon.in/ref=TE_tex_h
_______________________________________________________________________________________
Hello Deepanshu, Thank you for your order. Thank you for shopping with us.
We'd like to let you know that Amazon Export Sales LLC has received your
order, and is preparing it for shipment. Your estimated delivery date is
below. Your estimated delivery date is: We need a little more time to provide
you with a good estimate. We'll notify you via e-mail as soon as we have an
estimated delivery date. Your order will be sent to: Deepanshu Arora Flat No.
127(2 Floor), GH-9 Paschim Vihar New Delhi, Delhi 110087 India
=======================================================================================
Order Details Order #171-2187808-0722739 Placed on Wednesday, October 18, 2017
Rome's #1100 Old Fashioned Waffle Iron, Cast Iron Rs.1,354.16
_______________________________________________________________________________________
Item Subtotal: Rs.1,354.16 Shipping & Handling: Rs.816.13 Import Fees Deposit:
Rs.902.75 Order Total: Rs.3,073.04
=======================================================================================
Need to make changes to your order? Visit our Help page Some products have a
limited quantity available for purchase. Please see the productâs Detail
Page for the available quantity. Any orders which exceed this quantity will be
automatically canceled. We hope to see you again soon.
______________________________________________________________________________________
Amazon.in https://www.amazon.in/ref=TE_tex_h
_______________________________________________________________________________________
Please note: This email was sent from a notification-only address that cannot
accept incoming email. Please do not reply to this message." b'
![](https://www.amazon.in/gp/r.html?C=3AWZFXYM2BTCT&K=18KQ3I5RYSQ6L&M=urn:rtn:msg:20171018181004ee61a1acd6df45ec99e4c56be630p0eu&R=2Q8AX9R3IEKJX&T=O&U=https%3A%2F%2Fimages-
eu.ssl-images-
amazon.com%2Fimages%2FG%2F01%2Fnav%2Ftransp.gif&A=ZAN073D0AAQDPVFNBQIZH9ANYJ8A&H=ABQOLQAQIAZLANM3VUSJWHGYAFCA&ref_=pe_3025041_185740121_opens)
|  |  ![Amazon.in](http://g-ec2.images-
amazon.com/images/G/31/x-locale/common/amazon-logo._V13) |  |  Your Orders |
|  Your Account  |  Amazon.in  
---|---|---|---  
  
## Order Confirmation

Order #171-2187808-0722739  
  
|

### Hello Deepanshu,

Thank you for shopping with us. We'd like to let you know that Amazon Export
Sales LLC has received your order, and is preparing it for shipment.  
  
---  
|

**We need a little more time to provide you with a good estimate. We'll notify
you via e-mail as soon as we have an estimated delivery date.**

|

Your order will be sent to:  
**Deepanshu Arora  
Flat No. 127(2 Floor), GH-9  
Paschim Vihar  
New Delhi, Delhi 110087  
India **  
  
---|---  
  
### Order Details  
  
|  Order #171-2187808-0722739  
Placed on Wednesday, October 18, 2017  
---  
|  ![](https://images-na.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/I/41Yr2URe0VL._SCLZZZZZZZ__SY115_SX115_.jpg) |  Rome's #1100
Old Fashioned Waffle Iron, Cast Iron  
Sports  
![](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/G/31/ags/AGS_Badge)  
  
Sold by Amazon Export Sales LLC  

|  |  __ |  __ |  __  
---|---|---|---  
  
**Rs.2,256.91**  
  
|  
---  
Item Subtotal:  
(Includes  Import Fees Deposit  |  Rs.2,256.91  
Rs.902.75)  
  
Shipping  & Handling:  |  Rs.816.13  
  
**Order Total:** |  **Rs.3,073.04**  
|

Need to make changes to your order? Visit our Help Page for more information.  
  
  
---  
|

Some products have a limited quantity available for purchase. Please see the
productâs Detail Page for the available quantity. Any orders which exceed
this quantity will be automatically canceled.  
  
We hope to see you again soon.  
  
**Amazon.in**  
  
---  
|  |  |  Recommended for you based on Rome's #1100 Old Fashioned Waffl...  
---  
|  |  ![Lodge Logic Pre-Seasoned Cast Iron Tawa Pan -
10.5-Inch](https://images-eu.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/I/31%2B-Mm1ZI-L._AC_SL500_SS115_.jpg)  
---  
Lodge Logic Pre-Seasoned Cast Iron Tawa Pan...  
Rs. 3,549.00  
|  ![Lodge SCRAPERPK Durable Polycarbonate Pan Scrapers, Red and Black,
2-Pack](https://images-eu.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/I/41zVsMY4kJL._AC_SL500_SS115_.jpg)  
---  
Lodge SCRAPERPK Durable Polycarbonate Pan...  
Rs. 1,192.80  
|  ![The Curry Guy: Recreate over 100 of the best British Indian Restaurant
recipes at home](https://images-eu.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/I/61H8hLtVE0L._AC_SL500_SS115_.jpg)  
---  
The Curry Guy: Recreate over 100 of the best...  
Rs. 917.00  
|

Global Store items in this order are sold by Amazon Export Sales LLC (AES). By
placing your order, you authorize AES to elect a carrier to clear the package
and pay the import fees on your (or the recipientâs) behalf. Customs
declaration will be made on your (or the recipientâs) behalf (whichever
applicable) by the elected carrier. You can find the complete terms and
conditions of your order  here.  
  
See Amazon.in's Return Policy and Global Store's Return Policy.  
  
---  
|

This email was sent from a notification-only address that cannot accept
incoming email. Please do not reply to this message.  
  
---  
![](https://www.amazon.in/gp/r.html?C=3AWZFXYM2BTCT&K=18KQ3I5RYSQ6L&M=urn:rtn:msg:20171018181004ee61a1acd6df45ec99e4c56be630p0eu&R=2Q8AX9R3IEKJX&T=E&U=https%3A%2F%2Fimages-
eu.ssl-images-
amazon.com%2Fimages%2FG%2F01%2Fnav%2Ftransp.gif&A=XRAKB9IIWHGAFKXTAF6AXXMSIESA&H=GJXJTVS8MXZX89KWRIRA3IJ6XTGA&ref_=pe_3025041_185740121_open)
' b"Amazon.in Order Confirmation Order #171-2187808-0722739
www.amazon.in/ref=TE_tex_h
_______________________________________________________________________________________
Hello Deepanshu, Thank you for your order. Thank you for shopping with us.
We'd like to let you know that Amazon Export Sales LLC has received your
order, and is preparing it for shipment. Your estimated delivery date is
below. Your estimated delivery date is: We need a little more time to provide
you with a good estimate. We'll notify you via e-mail as soon as we have an
estimated delivery date. Your order will be sent to: Deepanshu Arora Flat No.
127(2 Floor), GH-9 Paschim Vihar New Delhi, Delhi 110087 India
=======================================================================================
Order Details Order #171-2187808-0722739 Placed on Wednesday, October 18, 2017
Rome's #1100 Old Fashioned Waffle Iron, Cast Iron Rs.1,354.16
_______________________________________________________________________________________
Item Subtotal: Rs.1,354.16 Shipping & Handling: Rs.816.13 Import Fees Deposit:
Rs.902.75 Order Total: Rs.3,073.04
=======================================================================================
Need to make changes to your order? Visit our Help page Some products have a
limited quantity available for purchase. Please see the productâs Detail
Page for the available quantity. Any orders which exceed this quantity will be
automatically canceled. We hope to see you again soon.
______________________________________________________________________________________
Amazon.in https://www.amazon.in/ref=TE_tex_h
_______________________________________________________________________________________
Please note: This email was sent from a notification-only address that cannot
accept incoming email. Please do not reply to this message." b'
![](https://www.amazon.in/gp/r.html?C=3AWZFXYM2BTCT&K=18KQ3I5RYSQ6L&M=urn:rtn:msg:20171018181004ee61a1acd6df45ec99e4c56be630p0eu&R=2Q8AX9R3IEKJX&T=O&U=https%3A%2F%2Fimages-
eu.ssl-images-
amazon.com%2Fimages%2FG%2F01%2Fnav%2Ftransp.gif&A=ZAN073D0AAQDPVFNBQIZH9ANYJ8A&H=ABQOLQAQIAZLANM3VUSJWHGYAFCA&ref_=pe_3025041_185740121_opens)
|  |  ![Amazon.in](http://g-ec2.images-
amazon.com/images/G/31/x-locale/common/amazon-logo._V13) |  |  Your Orders |
|  Your Account  |  Amazon.in  
---|---|---|---  
  
## Order Confirmation

Order #171-2187808-0722739  
  
|

### Hello Deepanshu,

Thank you for shopping with us. We'd like to let you know that Amazon Export
Sales LLC has received your order, and is preparing it for shipment.  
  
---  
|

**We need a little more time to provide you with a good estimate. We'll notify
you via e-mail as soon as we have an estimated delivery date.**

|

Your order will be sent to:  
**Deepanshu Arora  
Flat No. 127(2 Floor), GH-9  
Paschim Vihar  
New Delhi, Delhi 110087  
India **  
  
---|---  
  
### Order Details  
  
|  Order #171-2187808-0722739  
Placed on Wednesday, October 18, 2017  
---  
|  ![](https://images-na.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/I/41Yr2URe0VL._SCLZZZZZZZ__SY115_SX115_.jpg) |  Rome's #1100
Old Fashioned Waffle Iron, Cast Iron  
Sports  
![](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/G/31/ags/AGS_Badge)  
  
Sold by Amazon Export Sales LLC  

|  |  __ |  __ |  __  
---|---|---|---  
  
**Rs.2,256.91**  
  
|  
---  
Item Subtotal:  
(Includes  Import Fees Deposit  |  Rs.2,256.91  
Rs.902.75)  
  
Shipping  & Handling:  |  Rs.816.13  
  
**Order Total:** |  **Rs.3,073.04**  
|

Need to make changes to your order? Visit our Help Page for more information.  
  
  
---  
|

Some products have a limited quantity available for purchase. Please see the
productâs Detail Page for the available quantity. Any orders which exceed
this quantity will be automatically canceled.  
  
We hope to see you again soon.  
  
**Amazon.in**  
  
---  
|  |  |  Recommended for you based on Rome's #1100 Old Fashioned Waffl...  
---  
|  |  ![Lodge Logic Pre-Seasoned Cast Iron Tawa Pan -
10.5-Inch](https://images-eu.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/I/31%2B-Mm1ZI-L._AC_SL500_SS115_.jpg)  
---  
Lodge Logic Pre-Seasoned Cast Iron Tawa Pan...  
Rs. 3,549.00  
|  ![Lodge SCRAPERPK Durable Polycarbonate Pan Scrapers, Red and Black,
2-Pack](https://images-eu.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/I/41zVsMY4kJL._AC_SL500_SS115_.jpg)  
---  
Lodge SCRAPERPK Durable Polycarbonate Pan...  
Rs. 1,192.80  
|  ![The Curry Guy: Recreate over 100 of the best British Indian Restaurant
recipes at home](https://images-eu.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/I/61H8hLtVE0L._AC_SL500_SS115_.jpg)  
---  
The Curry Guy: Recreate over 100 of the best...  
Rs. 917.00  
|

Global Store items in this order are sold by Amazon Export Sales LLC (AES). By
placing your order, you authorize AES to elect a carrier to clear the package
and pay the import fees on your (or the recipientâs) behalf. Customs
declaration will be made on your (or the recipientâs) behalf (whichever
applicable) by the elected carrier. You can find the complete terms and
conditions of your order  here.  
  
See Amazon.in's Return Policy and Global Store's Return Policy.  
  
---  
|

This email was sent from a notification-only address that cannot accept
incoming email. Please do not reply to this message.  
  
---  
![](https://www.amazon.in/gp/r.html?C=3AWZFXYM2BTCT&K=18KQ3I5RYSQ6L&M=urn:rtn:msg:20171018181004ee61a1acd6df45ec99e4c56be630p0eu&R=2Q8AX9R3IEKJX&T=E&U=https%3A%2F%2Fimages-
eu.ssl-images-
amazon.com%2Fimages%2FG%2F01%2Fnav%2Ftransp.gif&A=XRAKB9IIWHGAFKXTAF6AXXMSIESA&H=GJXJTVS8MXZX89KWRIRA3IJ6XTGA&ref_=pe_3025041_185740121_open)
'

b"Amazon.in Order Confirmation Order #171-2187808-0722739
www.amazon.in/ref=TE_tex_h
_______________________________________________________________________________________
Hello Deepanshu, Thank you for your order. Thank you for shopping with us.
We'd like to let you know that Amazon Export Sales LLC has received your
order, and is preparing it for shipment. Your estimated delivery date is
below. Your estimated delivery date is: We need a little more time to provide
you with a good estimate. We'll notify you via e-mail as soon as we have an
estimated delivery date. Your order will be sent to: Deepanshu Arora Flat No.
127(2 Floor), GH-9 Paschim Vihar New Delhi, Delhi 110087 India
=======================================================================================
Order Details Order #171-2187808-0722739 Placed on Wednesday, October 18, 2017
Rome's #1100 Old Fashioned Waffle Iron, Cast Iron Rs.1,354.16
_______________________________________________________________________________________
Item Subtotal: Rs.1,354.16 Shipping & Handling: Rs.816.13 Import Fees Deposit:
Rs.902.75 Order Total: Rs.3,073.04
=======================================================================================
Need to make changes to your order? Visit our Help page Some products have a
limited quantity available for purchase. Please see the productâs Detail
Page for the available quantity. Any orders which exceed this quantity will be
automatically canceled. We hope to see you again soon.
______________________________________________________________________________________
Amazon.in https://www.amazon.in/ref=TE_tex_h
_______________________________________________________________________________________
Please note: This email was sent from a notification-only address that cannot
accept incoming email. Please do not reply to this message." b'
![](https://www.amazon.in/gp/r.html?C=3AWZFXYM2BTCT&K=18KQ3I5RYSQ6L&M=urn:rtn:msg:20171018181004ee61a1acd6df45ec99e4c56be630p0eu&R=2Q8AX9R3IEKJX&T=O&U=https%3A%2F%2Fimages-
eu.ssl-images-
amazon.com%2Fimages%2FG%2F01%2Fnav%2Ftransp.gif&A=ZAN073D0AAQDPVFNBQIZH9ANYJ8A&H=ABQOLQAQIAZLANM3VUSJWHGYAFCA&ref_=pe_3025041_185740121_opens)
|  |  ![Amazon.in](http://g-ec2.images-
amazon.com/images/G/31/x-locale/common/amazon-logo._V13) |  |  Your Orders |
|  Your Account  |  Amazon.in  
---|---|---|---  
  
## Order Confirmation

Order #171-2187808-0722739  
  
|

### Hello Deepanshu,

Thank you for shopping with us. We'd like to let you know that Amazon Export
Sales LLC has received your order, and is preparing it for shipment.  
  
---  
|

**We need a little more time to provide you with a good estimate. We'll notify
you via e-mail as soon as we have an estimated delivery date.**

|

Your order will be sent to:  
**Deepanshu Arora  
Flat No. 127(2 Floor), GH-9  
Paschim Vihar  
New Delhi, Delhi 110087  
India **  
  
---|---  
  
### Order Details  
  
|  Order #171-2187808-0722739  
Placed on Wednesday, October 18, 2017  
---  
|  ![](https://images-na.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/I/41Yr2URe0VL._SCLZZZZZZZ__SY115_SX115_.jpg) |  Rome's #1100
Old Fashioned Waffle Iron, Cast Iron  
Sports  
![](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/G/31/ags/AGS_Badge)  
  
Sold by Amazon Export Sales LLC  

|  |  __ |  __ |  __  
---|---|---|---  
  
**Rs.2,256.91**  
  
|  
---  
Item Subtotal:  
(Includes  Import Fees Deposit  |  Rs.2,256.91  
Rs.902.75)  
  
Shipping  & Handling:  |  Rs.816.13  
  
**Order Total:** |  **Rs.3,073.04**  
|

Need to make changes to your order? Visit our Help Page for more information.  
  
  
---  
|

Some products have a limited quantity available for purchase. Please see the
productâs Detail Page for the available quantity. Any orders which exceed
this quantity will be automatically canceled.  
  
We hope to see you again soon.  
  
**Amazon.in**  
  
---  
|  |  |  Recommended for you based on Rome's #1100 Old Fashioned Waffl...  
---  
|  |  ![Lodge Logic Pre-Seasoned Cast Iron Tawa Pan -
10.5-Inch](https://images-eu.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/I/31%2B-Mm1ZI-L._AC_SL500_SS115_.jpg)  
---  
Lodge Logic Pre-Seasoned Cast Iron Tawa Pan...  
Rs. 3,549.00  
|  ![Lodge SCRAPERPK Durable Polycarbonate Pan Scrapers, Red and Black,
2-Pack](https://images-eu.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/I/41zVsMY4kJL._AC_SL500_SS115_.jpg)  
---  
Lodge SCRAPERPK Durable Polycarbonate Pan...  
Rs. 1,192.80  
|  ![The Curry Guy: Recreate over 100 of the best British Indian Restaurant
recipes at home](https://images-eu.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/I/61H8hLtVE0L._AC_SL500_SS115_.jpg)  
---  
The Curry Guy: Recreate over 100 of the best...  
Rs. 917.00  
|

Global Store items in this order are sold by Amazon Export Sales LLC (AES). By
placing your order, you authorize AES to elect a carrier to clear the package
and pay the import fees on your (or the recipientâs) behalf. Customs
declaration will be made on your (or the recipientâs) behalf (whichever
applicable) by the elected carrier. You can find the complete terms and
conditions of your order  here.  
  
See Amazon.in's Return Policy and Global Store's Return Policy.  
  
---  
|

This email was sent from a notification-only address that cannot accept
incoming email. Please do not reply to this message.  
  
---  
![](https://www.amazon.in/gp/r.html?C=3AWZFXYM2BTCT&K=18KQ3I5RYSQ6L&M=urn:rtn:msg:20171018181004ee61a1acd6df45ec99e4c56be630p0eu&R=2Q8AX9R3IEKJX&T=E&U=https%3A%2F%2Fimages-
eu.ssl-images-
amazon.com%2Fimages%2FG%2F01%2Fnav%2Ftransp.gif&A=XRAKB9IIWHGAFKXTAF6AXXMSIESA&H=GJXJTVS8MXZX89KWRIRA3IJ6XTGA&ref_=pe_3025041_185740121_open)
' b"Amazon.in Order Confirmation Order #171-2187808-0722739
www.amazon.in/ref=TE_tex_h
_______________________________________________________________________________________
Hello Deepanshu, Thank you for your order. Thank you for shopping with us.
We'd like to let you know that Amazon Export Sales LLC has received your
order, and is preparing it for shipment. Your estimated delivery date is
below. Your estimated delivery date is: We need a little more time to provide
you with a good estimate. We'll notify you via e-mail as soon as we have an
estimated delivery date. Your order will be sent to: Deepanshu Arora Flat No.
127(2 Floor), GH-9 Paschim Vihar New Delhi, Delhi 110087 India
=======================================================================================
Order Details Order #171-2187808-0722739 Placed on Wednesday, October 18, 2017
Rome's #1100 Old Fashioned Waffle Iron, Cast Iron Rs.1,354.16
_______________________________________________________________________________________
Item Subtotal: Rs.1,354.16 Shipping & Handling: Rs.816.13 Import Fees Deposit:
Rs.902.75 Order Total: Rs.3,073.04
=======================================================================================
Need to make changes to your order? Visit our Help page Some products have a
limited quantity available for purchase. Please see the productâs Detail
Page for the available quantity. Any orders which exceed this quantity will be
automatically canceled. We hope to see you again soon.
______________________________________________________________________________________
Amazon.in https://www.amazon.in/ref=TE_tex_h
_______________________________________________________________________________________
Please note: This email was sent from a notification-only address that cannot
accept incoming email. Please do not reply to this message." b'
![](https://www.amazon.in/gp/r.html?C=3AWZFXYM2BTCT&K=18KQ3I5RYSQ6L&M=urn:rtn:msg:20171018181004ee61a1acd6df45ec99e4c56be630p0eu&R=2Q8AX9R3IEKJX&T=O&U=https%3A%2F%2Fimages-
eu.ssl-images-
amazon.com%2Fimages%2FG%2F01%2Fnav%2Ftransp.gif&A=ZAN073D0AAQDPVFNBQIZH9ANYJ8A&H=ABQOLQAQIAZLANM3VUSJWHGYAFCA&ref_=pe_3025041_185740121_opens)
|  |  ![Amazon.in](http://g-ec2.images-
amazon.com/images/G/31/x-locale/common/amazon-logo._V13) |  |  Your Orders |
|  Your Account  |  Amazon.in  
---|---|---|---  
  
## Order Confirmation

Order #171-2187808-0722739  
  
|

### Hello Deepanshu,

Thank you for shopping with us. We'd like to let you know that Amazon Export
Sales LLC has received your order, and is preparing it for shipment.  
  
---  
|

**We need a little more time to provide you with a good estimate. We'll notify
you via e-mail as soon as we have an estimated delivery date.**

|

Your order will be sent to:  
**Deepanshu Arora  
Flat No. 127(2 Floor), GH-9  
Paschim Vihar  
New Delhi, Delhi 110087  
India **  
  
---|---  
  
### Order Details  
  
|  Order #171-2187808-0722739  
Placed on Wednesday, October 18, 2017  
---  
|  ![](https://images-na.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/I/41Yr2URe0VL._SCLZZZZZZZ__SY115_SX115_.jpg) |  Rome's #1100
Old Fashioned Waffle Iron, Cast Iron  
Sports  
![](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/G/31/ags/AGS_Badge)  
  
Sold by Amazon Export Sales LLC  

|  |  __ |  __ |  __  
---|---|---|---  
  
**Rs.2,256.91**  
  
|  
---  
Item Subtotal:  
(Includes  Import Fees Deposit  |  Rs.2,256.91  
Rs.902.75)  
  
Shipping  & Handling:  |  Rs.816.13  
  
**Order Total:** |  **Rs.3,073.04**  
|

Need to make changes to your order? Visit our Help Page for more information.  
  
  
---  
|

Some products have a limited quantity available for purchase. Please see the
productâs Detail Page for the available quantity. Any orders which exceed
this quantity will be automatically canceled.  
  
We hope to see you again soon.  
  
**Amazon.in**  
  
---  
|  |  |  Recommended for you based on Rome's #1100 Old Fashioned Waffl...  
---  
|  |  ![Lodge Logic Pre-Seasoned Cast Iron Tawa Pan -
10.5-Inch](https://images-eu.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/I/31%2B-Mm1ZI-L._AC_SL500_SS115_.jpg)  
---  
Lodge Logic Pre-Seasoned Cast Iron Tawa Pan...  
Rs. 3,549.00  
|  ![Lodge SCRAPERPK Durable Polycarbonate Pan Scrapers, Red and Black,
2-Pack](https://images-eu.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/I/41zVsMY4kJL._AC_SL500_SS115_.jpg)  
---  
Lodge SCRAPERPK Durable Polycarbonate Pan...  
Rs. 1,192.80  
|  ![The Curry Guy: Recreate over 100 of the best British Indian Restaurant
recipes at home](https://images-eu.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/I/61H8hLtVE0L._AC_SL500_SS115_.jpg)  
---  
The Curry Guy: Recreate over 100 of the best...  
Rs. 917.00  
|

Global Store items in this order are sold by Amazon Export Sales LLC (AES). By
placing your order, you authorize AES to elect a carrier to clear the package
and pay the import fees on your (or the recipientâs) behalf. Customs
declaration will be made on your (or the recipientâs) behalf (whichever
applicable) by the elected carrier. You can find the complete terms and
conditions of your order  here.  
  
See Amazon.in's Return Policy and Global Store's Return Policy.  
  
---  
|

This email was sent from a notification-only address that cannot accept
incoming email. Please do not reply to this message.  
  
---  
![](https://www.amazon.in/gp/r.html?C=3AWZFXYM2BTCT&K=18KQ3I5RYSQ6L&M=urn:rtn:msg:20171018181004ee61a1acd6df45ec99e4c56be630p0eu&R=2Q8AX9R3IEKJX&T=E&U=https%3A%2F%2Fimages-
eu.ssl-images-
amazon.com%2Fimages%2FG%2F01%2Fnav%2Ftransp.gif&A=XRAKB9IIWHGAFKXTAF6AXXMSIESA&H=GJXJTVS8MXZX89KWRIRA3IJ6XTGA&ref_=pe_3025041_185740121_open)
'

b"Amazon.in Order Confirmation Order #171-2187808-0722739
www.amazon.in/ref=TE_tex_h
_______________________________________________________________________________________
Hello Deepanshu, Thank you for your order. Thank you for shopping with us.
We'd like to let you know that Amazon Export Sales LLC has received your
order, and is preparing it for shipment. Your estimated delivery date is
below. Your estimated delivery date is: We need a little more time to provide
you with a good estimate. We'll notify you via e-mail as soon as we have an
estimated delivery date. Your order will be sent to: Deepanshu Arora Flat No.
127(2 Floor), GH-9 Paschim Vihar New Delhi, Delhi 110087 India
=======================================================================================
Order Details Order #171-2187808-0722739 Placed on Wednesday, October 18, 2017
Rome's #1100 Old Fashioned Waffle Iron, Cast Iron Rs.1,354.16
_______________________________________________________________________________________
Item Subtotal: Rs.1,354.16 Shipping & Handling: Rs.816.13 Import Fees Deposit:
Rs.902.75 Order Total: Rs.3,073.04
=======================================================================================
Need to make changes to your order? Visit our Help page Some products have a
limited quantity available for purchase. Please see the productâs Detail
Page for the available quantity. Any orders which exceed this quantity will be
automatically canceled. We hope to see you again soon.
______________________________________________________________________________________
Amazon.in https://www.amazon.in/ref=TE_tex_h
_______________________________________________________________________________________
Please note: This email was sent from a notification-only address that cannot
accept incoming email. Please do not reply to this message." b'
![](https://www.amazon.in/gp/r.html?C=3AWZFXYM2BTCT&K=18KQ3I5RYSQ6L&M=urn:rtn:msg:20171018181004ee61a1acd6df45ec99e4c56be630p0eu&R=2Q8AX9R3IEKJX&T=O&U=https%3A%2F%2Fimages-
eu.ssl-images-
amazon.com%2Fimages%2FG%2F01%2Fnav%2Ftransp.gif&A=ZAN073D0AAQDPVFNBQIZH9ANYJ8A&H=ABQOLQAQIAZLANM3VUSJWHGYAFCA&ref_=pe_3025041_185740121_opens)
|  |  ![Amazon.in](http://g-ec2.images-
amazon.com/images/G/31/x-locale/common/amazon-logo._V13) |  |  Your Orders |
|  Your Account  |  Amazon.in  
---|---|---|---  
  
## Order Confirmation

Order #171-2187808-0722739  
  
|

### Hello Deepanshu,

Thank you for shopping with us. We'd like to let you know that Amazon Export
Sales LLC has received your order, and is preparing it for shipment.  
  
---  
|

**We need a little more time to provide you with a good estimate. We'll notify
you via e-mail as soon as we have an estimated delivery date.**

|

Your order will be sent to:  
**Deepanshu Arora  
Flat No. 127(2 Floor), GH-9  
Paschim Vihar  
New Delhi, Delhi 110087  
India **  
  
---|---  
  
### Order Details  
  
|  Order #171-2187808-0722739  
Placed on Wednesday, October 18, 2017  
---  
|  ![](https://images-na.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/I/41Yr2URe0VL._SCLZZZZZZZ__SY115_SX115_.jpg) |  Rome's #1100
Old Fashioned Waffle Iron, Cast Iron  
Sports  
![](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/G/31/ags/AGS_Badge)  
  
Sold by Amazon Export Sales LLC  

|  |  __ |  __ |  __  
---|---|---|---  
  
**Rs.2,256.91**  
  
|  
---  
Item Subtotal:  
(Includes  Import Fees Deposit  |  Rs.2,256.91  
Rs.902.75)  
  
Shipping  & Handling:  |  Rs.816.13  
  
**Order Total:** |  **Rs.3,073.04**  
|

Need to make changes to your order? Visit our Help Page for more information.  
  
  
---  
|

Some products have a limited quantity available for purchase. Please see the
productâs Detail Page for the available quantity. Any orders which exceed
this quantity will be automatically canceled.  
  
We hope to see you again soon.  
  
**Amazon.in**  
  
---  
|  |  |  Recommended for you based on Rome's #1100 Old Fashioned Waffl...  
---  
|  |  ![Lodge Logic Pre-Seasoned Cast Iron Tawa Pan -
10.5-Inch](https://images-eu.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/I/31%2B-Mm1ZI-L._AC_SL500_SS115_.jpg)  
---  
Lodge Logic Pre-Seasoned Cast Iron Tawa Pan...  
Rs. 3,549.00  
|  ![Lodge SCRAPERPK Durable Polycarbonate Pan Scrapers, Red and Black,
2-Pack](https://images-eu.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/I/41zVsMY4kJL._AC_SL500_SS115_.jpg)  
---  
Lodge SCRAPERPK Durable Polycarbonate Pan...  
Rs. 1,192.80  
|  ![The Curry Guy: Recreate over 100 of the best British Indian Restaurant
recipes at home](https://images-eu.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/I/61H8hLtVE0L._AC_SL500_SS115_.jpg)  
---  
The Curry Guy: Recreate over 100 of the best...  
Rs. 917.00  
|

Global Store items in this order are sold by Amazon Export Sales LLC (AES). By
placing your order, you authorize AES to elect a carrier to clear the package
and pay the import fees on your (or the recipientâs) behalf. Customs
declaration will be made on your (or the recipientâs) behalf (whichever
applicable) by the elected carrier. You can find the complete terms and
conditions of your order  here.  
  
See Amazon.in's Return Policy and Global Store's Return Policy.  
  
---  
|

This email was sent from a notification-only address that cannot accept
incoming email. Please do not reply to this message.  
  
---  
![](https://www.amazon.in/gp/r.html?C=3AWZFXYM2BTCT&K=18KQ3I5RYSQ6L&M=urn:rtn:msg:20171018181004ee61a1acd6df45ec99e4c56be630p0eu&R=2Q8AX9R3IEKJX&T=E&U=https%3A%2F%2Fimages-
eu.ssl-images-
amazon.com%2Fimages%2FG%2F01%2Fnav%2Ftransp.gif&A=XRAKB9IIWHGAFKXTAF6AXXMSIESA&H=GJXJTVS8MXZX89KWRIRA3IJ6XTGA&ref_=pe_3025041_185740121_open)
' b"Amazon.in Order Confirmation Order #171-2187808-0722739
www.amazon.in/ref=TE_tex_h
_______________________________________________________________________________________
Hello Deepanshu, Thank you for your order. Thank you for shopping with us.
We'd like to let you know that Amazon Export Sales LLC has received your
order, and is preparing it for shipment. Your estimated delivery date is
below. Your estimated delivery date is: We need a little more time to provide
you with a good estimate. We'll notify you via e-mail as soon as we have an
estimated delivery date. Your order will be sent to: Deepanshu Arora Flat No.
127(2 Floor), GH-9 Paschim Vihar New Delhi, Delhi 110087 India
=======================================================================================
Order Details Order #171-2187808-0722739 Placed on Wednesday, October 18, 2017
Rome's #1100 Old Fashioned Waffle Iron, Cast Iron Rs.1,354.16
_______________________________________________________________________________________
Item Subtotal: Rs.1,354.16 Shipping & Handling: Rs.816.13 Import Fees Deposit:
Rs.902.75 Order Total: Rs.3,073.04
=======================================================================================
Need to make changes to your order? Visit our Help page Some products have a
limited quantity available for purchase. Please see the productâs Detail
Page for the available quantity. Any orders which exceed this quantity will be
automatically canceled. We hope to see you again soon.
______________________________________________________________________________________
Amazon.in https://www.amazon.in/ref=TE_tex_h
_______________________________________________________________________________________
Please note: This email was sent from a notification-only address that cannot
accept incoming email. Please do not reply to this message." b'
![](https://www.amazon.in/gp/r.html?C=3AWZFXYM2BTCT&K=18KQ3I5RYSQ6L&M=urn:rtn:msg:20171018181004ee61a1acd6df45ec99e4c56be630p0eu&R=2Q8AX9R3IEKJX&T=O&U=https%3A%2F%2Fimages-
eu.ssl-images-
amazon.com%2Fimages%2FG%2F01%2Fnav%2Ftransp.gif&A=ZAN073D0AAQDPVFNBQIZH9ANYJ8A&H=ABQOLQAQIAZLANM3VUSJWHGYAFCA&ref_=pe_3025041_185740121_opens)
|  |  ![Amazon.in](http://g-ec2.images-
amazon.com/images/G/31/x-locale/common/amazon-logo._V13) |  |  Your Orders |
|  Your Account  |  Amazon.in  
---|---|---|---  
  
## Order Confirmation

Order #171-2187808-0722739  
  
|

### Hello Deepanshu,

Thank you for shopping with us. We'd like to let you know that Amazon Export
Sales LLC has received your order, and is preparing it for shipment.  
  
---  
|

**We need a little more time to provide you with a good estimate. We'll notify
you via e-mail as soon as we have an estimated delivery date.**

|

Your order will be sent to:  
**Deepanshu Arora  
Flat No. 127(2 Floor), GH-9  
Paschim Vihar  
New Delhi, Delhi 110087  
India **  
  
---|---  
  
### Order Details  
  
|  Order #171-2187808-0722739  
Placed on Wednesday, October 18, 2017  
---  
|  ![](https://images-na.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/I/41Yr2URe0VL._SCLZZZZZZZ__SY115_SX115_.jpg) |  Rome's #1100
Old Fashioned Waffle Iron, Cast Iron  
Sports  
![](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/G/31/ags/AGS_Badge)  
  
Sold by Amazon Export Sales LLC  

|  |  __ |  __ |  __  
---|---|---|---  
  
**Rs.2,256.91**  
  
|  
---  
Item Subtotal:  
(Includes  Import Fees Deposit  |  Rs.2,256.91  
Rs.902.75)  
  
Shipping  & Handling:  |  Rs.816.13  
  
**Order Total:** |  **Rs.3,073.04**  
|

Need to make changes to your order? Visit our Help Page for more information.  
  
  
---  
|

Some products have a limited quantity available for purchase. Please see the
productâs Detail Page for the available quantity. Any orders which exceed
this quantity will be automatically canceled.  
  
We hope to see you again soon.  
  
**Amazon.in**  
  
---  
|  |  |  Recommended for you based on Rome's #1100 Old Fashioned Waffl...  
---  
|  |  ![Lodge Logic Pre-Seasoned Cast Iron Tawa Pan -
10.5-Inch](https://images-eu.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/I/31%2B-Mm1ZI-L._AC_SL500_SS115_.jpg)  
---  
Lodge Logic Pre-Seasoned Cast Iron Tawa Pan...  
Rs. 3,549.00  
|  ![Lodge SCRAPERPK Durable Polycarbonate Pan Scrapers, Red and Black,
2-Pack](https://images-eu.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/I/41zVsMY4kJL._AC_SL500_SS115_.jpg)  
---  
Lodge SCRAPERPK Durable Polycarbonate Pan...  
Rs. 1,192.80  
|  ![The Curry Guy: Recreate over 100 of the best British Indian Restaurant
recipes at home](https://images-eu.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/I/61H8hLtVE0L._AC_SL500_SS115_.jpg)  
---  
The Curry Guy: Recreate over 100 of the best...  
Rs. 917.00  
|

Global Store items in this order are sold by Amazon Export Sales LLC (AES). By
placing your order, you authorize AES to elect a carrier to clear the package
and pay the import fees on your (or the recipientâs) behalf. Customs
declaration will be made on your (or the recipientâs) behalf (whichever
applicable) by the elected carrier. You can find the complete terms and
conditions of your order  here.  
  
See Amazon.in's Return Policy and Global Store's Return Policy.  
  
---  
|

This email was sent from a notification-only address that cannot accept
incoming email. Please do not reply to this message.  
  
---  
![](https://www.amazon.in/gp/r.html?C=3AWZFXYM2BTCT&K=18KQ3I5RYSQ6L&M=urn:rtn:msg:20171018181004ee61a1acd6df45ec99e4c56be630p0eu&R=2Q8AX9R3IEKJX&T=E&U=https%3A%2F%2Fimages-
eu.ssl-images-
amazon.com%2Fimages%2FG%2F01%2Fnav%2Ftransp.gif&A=XRAKB9IIWHGAFKXTAF6AXXMSIESA&H=GJXJTVS8MXZX89KWRIRA3IJ6XTGA&ref_=pe_3025041_185740121_open)
'

b"Amazon.in Order Confirmation Order #171-2187808-0722739
www.amazon.in/ref=TE_tex_h
_______________________________________________________________________________________
Hello Deepanshu, Thank you for your order. Thank you for shopping with us.
We'd like to let you know that Amazon Export Sales LLC has received your
order, and is preparing it for shipment. Your estimated delivery date is
below. Your estimated delivery date is: We need a little more time to provide
you with a good estimate. We'll notify you via e-mail as soon as we have an
estimated delivery date. Your order will be sent to: Deepanshu Arora Flat No.
127(2 Floor), GH-9 Paschim Vihar New Delhi, Delhi 110087 India
=======================================================================================
Order Details Order #171-2187808-0722739 Placed on Wednesday, October 18, 2017
Rome's #1100 Old Fashioned Waffle Iron, Cast Iron Rs.1,354.16
_______________________________________________________________________________________
Item Subtotal: Rs.1,354.16 Shipping & Handling: Rs.816.13 Import Fees Deposit:
Rs.902.75 Order Total: Rs.3,073.04
=======================================================================================
Need to make changes to your order? Visit our Help page Some products have a
limited quantity available for purchase. Please see the productâs Detail
Page for the available quantity. Any orders which exceed this quantity will be
automatically canceled. We hope to see you again soon.
______________________________________________________________________________________
Amazon.in https://www.amazon.in/ref=TE_tex_h
_______________________________________________________________________________________
Please note: This email was sent from a notification-only address that cannot
accept incoming email. Please do not reply to this message." b'
![](https://www.amazon.in/gp/r.html?C=3AWZFXYM2BTCT&K=18KQ3I5RYSQ6L&M=urn:rtn:msg:20171018181004ee61a1acd6df45ec99e4c56be630p0eu&R=2Q8AX9R3IEKJX&T=O&U=https%3A%2F%2Fimages-
eu.ssl-images-
amazon.com%2Fimages%2FG%2F01%2Fnav%2Ftransp.gif&A=ZAN073D0AAQDPVFNBQIZH9ANYJ8A&H=ABQOLQAQIAZLANM3VUSJWHGYAFCA&ref_=pe_3025041_185740121_opens)
|  |  ![Amazon.in](http://g-ec2.images-
amazon.com/images/G/31/x-locale/common/amazon-logo._V13) |  |  Your Orders |
|  Your Account  |  Amazon.in  
---|---|---|---  
  
## Order Confirmation

Order #171-2187808-0722739  
  
|

### Hello Deepanshu,

Thank you for shopping with us. We'd like to let you know that Amazon Export
Sales LLC has received your order, and is preparing it for shipment.  
  
---  
|

**We need a little more time to provide you with a good estimate. We'll notify
you via e-mail as soon as we have an estimated delivery date.**

|

Your order will be sent to:  
**Deepanshu Arora  
Flat No. 127(2 Floor), GH-9  
Paschim Vihar  
New Delhi, Delhi 110087  
India **  
  
---|---  
  
### Order Details  
  
|  Order #171-2187808-0722739  
Placed on Wednesday, October 18, 2017  
---  
|  ![](https://images-na.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/I/41Yr2URe0VL._SCLZZZZZZZ__SY115_SX115_.jpg) |  Rome's #1100
Old Fashioned Waffle Iron, Cast Iron  
Sports  
![](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/G/31/ags/AGS_Badge)  
  
Sold by Amazon Export Sales LLC  

|  |  __ |  __ |  __  
---|---|---|---  
  
**Rs.2,256.91**  
  
|  
---  
Item Subtotal:  
(Includes  Import Fees Deposit  |  Rs.2,256.91  
Rs.902.75)  
  
Shipping  & Handling:  |  Rs.816.13  
  
**Order Total:** |  **Rs.3,073.04**  
|

Need to make changes to your order? Visit our Help Page for more information.  
  
  
---  
|

Some products have a limited quantity available for purchase. Please see the
productâs Detail Page for the available quantity. Any orders which exceed
this quantity will be automatically canceled.  
  
We hope to see you again soon.  
  
**Amazon.in**  
  
---  
|  |  |  Recommended for you based on Rome's #1100 Old Fashioned Waffl...  
---  
|  |  ![Lodge Logic Pre-Seasoned Cast Iron Tawa Pan -
10.5-Inch](https://images-eu.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/I/31%2B-Mm1ZI-L._AC_SL500_SS115_.jpg)  
---  
Lodge Logic Pre-Seasoned Cast Iron Tawa Pan...  
Rs. 3,549.00  
|  ![Lodge SCRAPERPK Durable Polycarbonate Pan Scrapers, Red and Black,
2-Pack](https://images-eu.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/I/41zVsMY4kJL._AC_SL500_SS115_.jpg)  
---  
Lodge SCRAPERPK Durable Polycarbonate Pan...  
Rs. 1,192.80  
|  ![The Curry Guy: Recreate over 100 of the best British Indian Restaurant
recipes at home](https://images-eu.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/I/61H8hLtVE0L._AC_SL500_SS115_.jpg)  
---  
The Curry Guy: Recreate over 100 of the best...  
Rs. 917.00  
|

Global Store items in this order are sold by Amazon Export Sales LLC (AES). By
placing your order, you authorize AES to elect a carrier to clear the package
and pay the import fees on your (or the recipientâs) behalf. Customs
declaration will be made on your (or the recipientâs) behalf (whichever
applicable) by the elected carrier. You can find the complete terms and
conditions of your order  here.  
  
See Amazon.in's Return Policy and Global Store's Return Policy.  
  
---  
|

This email was sent from a notification-only address that cannot accept
incoming email. Please do not reply to this message.  
  
---  
![](https://www.amazon.in/gp/r.html?C=3AWZFXYM2BTCT&K=18KQ3I5RYSQ6L&M=urn:rtn:msg:20171018181004ee61a1acd6df45ec99e4c56be630p0eu&R=2Q8AX9R3IEKJX&T=E&U=https%3A%2F%2Fimages-
eu.ssl-images-
amazon.com%2Fimages%2FG%2F01%2Fnav%2Ftransp.gif&A=XRAKB9IIWHGAFKXTAF6AXXMSIESA&H=GJXJTVS8MXZX89KWRIRA3IJ6XTGA&ref_=pe_3025041_185740121_open)
' b"Amazon.in Order Confirmation Order #171-2187808-0722739
www.amazon.in/ref=TE_tex_h
_______________________________________________________________________________________
Hello Deepanshu, Thank you for your order. Thank you for shopping with us.
We'd like to let you know that Amazon Export Sales LLC has received your
order, and is preparing it for shipment. Your estimated delivery date is
below. Your estimated delivery date is: We need a little more time to provide
you with a good estimate. We'll notify you via e-mail as soon as we have an
estimated delivery date. Your order will be sent to: Deepanshu Arora Flat No.
127(2 Floor), GH-9 Paschim Vihar New Delhi, Delhi 110087 India
=======================================================================================
Order Details Order #171-2187808-0722739 Placed on Wednesday, October 18, 2017
Rome's #1100 Old Fashioned Waffle Iron, Cast Iron Rs.1,354.16
_______________________________________________________________________________________
Item Subtotal: Rs.1,354.16 Shipping & Handling: Rs.816.13 Import Fees Deposit:
Rs.902.75 Order Total: Rs.3,073.04
=======================================================================================
Need to make changes to your order? Visit our Help page Some products have a
limited quantity available for purchase. Please see the productâs Detail
Page for the available quantity. Any orders which exceed this quantity will be
automatically canceled. We hope to see you again soon.
______________________________________________________________________________________
Amazon.in https://www.amazon.in/ref=TE_tex_h
_______________________________________________________________________________________
Please note: This email was sent from a notification-only address that cannot
accept incoming email. Please do not reply to this message." b'
![](https://www.amazon.in/gp/r.html?C=3AWZFXYM2BTCT&K=18KQ3I5RYSQ6L&M=urn:rtn:msg:20171018181004ee61a1acd6df45ec99e4c56be630p0eu&R=2Q8AX9R3IEKJX&T=O&U=https%3A%2F%2Fimages-
eu.ssl-images-
amazon.com%2Fimages%2FG%2F01%2Fnav%2Ftransp.gif&A=ZAN073D0AAQDPVFNBQIZH9ANYJ8A&H=ABQOLQAQIAZLANM3VUSJWHGYAFCA&ref_=pe_3025041_185740121_opens)
|  |  ![Amazon.in](http://g-ec2.images-
amazon.com/images/G/31/x-locale/common/amazon-logo._V13) |  |  Your Orders |
|  Your Account  |  Amazon.in  
---|---|---|---  
  
## Order Confirmation

Order #171-2187808-0722739  
  
|

### Hello Deepanshu,

Thank you for shopping with us. We'd like to let you know that Amazon Export
Sales LLC has received your order, and is preparing it for shipment.  
  
---  
|

**We need a little more time to provide you with a good estimate. We'll notify
you via e-mail as soon as we have an estimated delivery date.**

|

Your order will be sent to:  
**Deepanshu Arora  
Flat No. 127(2 Floor), GH-9  
Paschim Vihar  
New Delhi, Delhi 110087  
India **  
  
---|---  
  
### Order Details  
  
|  Order #171-2187808-0722739  
Placed on Wednesday, October 18, 2017  
---  
|  ![](https://images-na.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/I/41Yr2URe0VL._SCLZZZZZZZ__SY115_SX115_.jpg) |  Rome's #1100
Old Fashioned Waffle Iron, Cast Iron  
Sports  
![](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/G/31/ags/AGS_Badge)  
  
Sold by Amazon Export Sales LLC  

|  |  __ |  __ |  __  
---|---|---|---  
  
**Rs.2,256.91**  
  
|  
---  
Item Subtotal:  
(Includes  Import Fees Deposit  |  Rs.2,256.91  
Rs.902.75)  
  
Shipping  & Handling:  |  Rs.816.13  
  
**Order Total:** |  **Rs.3,073.04**  
|

Need to make changes to your order? Visit our Help Page for more information.  
  
  
---  
|

Some products have a limited quantity available for purchase. Please see the
productâs Detail Page for the available quantity. Any orders which exceed
this quantity will be automatically canceled.  
  
We hope to see you again soon.  
  
**Amazon.in**  
  
---  
|  |  |  Recommended for you based on Rome's #1100 Old Fashioned Waffl...  
---  
|  |  ![Lodge Logic Pre-Seasoned Cast Iron Tawa Pan -
10.5-Inch](https://images-eu.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/I/31%2B-Mm1ZI-L._AC_SL500_SS115_.jpg)  
---  
Lodge Logic Pre-Seasoned Cast Iron Tawa Pan...  
Rs. 3,549.00  
|  ![Lodge SCRAPERPK Durable Polycarbonate Pan Scrapers, Red and Black,
2-Pack](https://images-eu.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/I/41zVsMY4kJL._AC_SL500_SS115_.jpg)  
---  
Lodge SCRAPERPK Durable Polycarbonate Pan...  
Rs. 1,192.80  
|  ![The Curry Guy: Recreate over 100 of the best British Indian Restaurant
recipes at home](https://images-eu.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/I/61H8hLtVE0L._AC_SL500_SS115_.jpg)  
---  
The Curry Guy: Recreate over 100 of the best...  
Rs. 917.00  
|

Global Store items in this order are sold by Amazon Export Sales LLC (AES). By
placing your order, you authorize AES to elect a carrier to clear the package
and pay the import fees on your (or the recipientâs) behalf. Customs
declaration will be made on your (or the recipientâs) behalf (whichever
applicable) by the elected carrier. You can find the complete terms and
conditions of your order  here.  
  
See Amazon.in's Return Policy and Global Store's Return Policy.  
  
---  
|

This email was sent from a notification-only address that cannot accept
incoming email. Please do not reply to this message.  
  
---  
![](https://www.amazon.in/gp/r.html?C=3AWZFXYM2BTCT&K=18KQ3I5RYSQ6L&M=urn:rtn:msg:20171018181004ee61a1acd6df45ec99e4c56be630p0eu&R=2Q8AX9R3IEKJX&T=E&U=https%3A%2F%2Fimages-
eu.ssl-images-
amazon.com%2Fimages%2FG%2F01%2Fnav%2Ftransp.gif&A=XRAKB9IIWHGAFKXTAF6AXXMSIESA&H=GJXJTVS8MXZX89KWRIRA3IJ6XTGA&ref_=pe_3025041_185740121_open)
'

b"Amazon.in Order Confirmation Order #171-2187808-0722739
www.amazon.in/ref=TE_tex_h
_______________________________________________________________________________________
Hello Deepanshu, Thank you for your order. Thank you for shopping with us.
We'd like to let you know that Amazon Export Sales LLC has received your
order, and is preparing it for shipment. Your estimated delivery date is
below. Your estimated delivery date is: We need a little more time to provide
you with a good estimate. We'll notify you via e-mail as soon as we have an
estimated delivery date. Your order will be sent to: Deepanshu Arora Flat No.
127(2 Floor), GH-9 Paschim Vihar New Delhi, Delhi 110087 India
=======================================================================================
Order Details Order #171-2187808-0722739 Placed on Wednesday, October 18, 2017
Rome's #1100 Old Fashioned Waffle Iron, Cast Iron Rs.1,354.16
_______________________________________________________________________________________
Item Subtotal: Rs.1,354.16 Shipping & Handling: Rs.816.13 Import Fees Deposit:
Rs.902.75 Order Total: Rs.3,073.04
=======================================================================================
Need to make changes to your order? Visit our Help page Some products have a
limited quantity available for purchase. Please see the productâs Detail
Page for the available quantity. Any orders which exceed this quantity will be
automatically canceled. We hope to see you again soon.
______________________________________________________________________________________
Amazon.in https://www.amazon.in/ref=TE_tex_h
_______________________________________________________________________________________
Please note: This email was sent from a notification-only address that cannot
accept incoming email. Please do not reply to this message." b'
![](https://www.amazon.in/gp/r.html?C=3AWZFXYM2BTCT&K=18KQ3I5RYSQ6L&M=urn:rtn:msg:20171018181004ee61a1acd6df45ec99e4c56be630p0eu&R=2Q8AX9R3IEKJX&T=O&U=https%3A%2F%2Fimages-
eu.ssl-images-
amazon.com%2Fimages%2FG%2F01%2Fnav%2Ftransp.gif&A=ZAN073D0AAQDPVFNBQIZH9ANYJ8A&H=ABQOLQAQIAZLANM3VUSJWHGYAFCA&ref_=pe_3025041_185740121_opens)
|  |  ![Amazon.in](http://g-ec2.images-
amazon.com/images/G/31/x-locale/common/amazon-logo._V13) |  |  Your Orders |
|  Your Account  |  Amazon.in  
---|---|---|---  
  
## Order Confirmation

Order #171-2187808-0722739  
  
|

### Hello Deepanshu,

Thank you for shopping with us. We'd like to let you know that Amazon Export
Sales LLC has received your order, and is preparing it for shipment.  
  
---  
|

**We need a little more time to provide you with a good estimate. We'll notify
you via e-mail as soon as we have an estimated delivery date.**

|

Your order will be sent to:  
**Deepanshu Arora  
Flat No. 127(2 Floor), GH-9  
Paschim Vihar  
New Delhi, Delhi 110087  
India **  
  
---|---  
  
### Order Details  
  
|  Order #171-2187808-0722739  
Placed on Wednesday, October 18, 2017  
---  
|  ![](https://images-na.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/I/41Yr2URe0VL._SCLZZZZZZZ__SY115_SX115_.jpg) |  Rome's #1100
Old Fashioned Waffle Iron, Cast Iron  
Sports  
![](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/G/31/ags/AGS_Badge)  
  
Sold by Amazon Export Sales LLC  

|  |  __ |  __ |  __  
---|---|---|---  
  
**Rs.2,256.91**  
  
|  
---  
Item Subtotal:  
(Includes  Import Fees Deposit  |  Rs.2,256.91  
Rs.902.75)  
  
Shipping  & Handling:  |  Rs.816.13  
  
**Order Total:** |  **Rs.3,073.04**  
|

Need to make changes to your order? Visit our Help Page for more information.  
  
  
---  
|

Some products have a limited quantity available for purchase. Please see the
productâs Detail Page for the available quantity. Any orders which exceed
this quantity will be automatically canceled.  
  
We hope to see you again soon.  
  
**Amazon.in**  
  
---  
|  |  |  Recommended for you based on Rome's #1100 Old Fashioned Waffl...  
---  
|  |  ![Lodge Logic Pre-Seasoned Cast Iron Tawa Pan -
10.5-Inch](https://images-eu.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/I/31%2B-Mm1ZI-L._AC_SL500_SS115_.jpg)  
---  
Lodge Logic Pre-Seasoned Cast Iron Tawa Pan...  
Rs. 3,549.00  
|  ![Lodge SCRAPERPK Durable Polycarbonate Pan Scrapers, Red and Black,
2-Pack](https://images-eu.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/I/41zVsMY4kJL._AC_SL500_SS115_.jpg)  
---  
Lodge SCRAPERPK Durable Polycarbonate Pan...  
Rs. 1,192.80  
|  ![The Curry Guy: Recreate over 100 of the best British Indian Restaurant
recipes at home](https://images-eu.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/I/61H8hLtVE0L._AC_SL500_SS115_.jpg)  
---  
The Curry Guy: Recreate over 100 of the best...  
Rs. 917.00  
|

Global Store items in this order are sold by Amazon Export Sales LLC (AES). By
placing your order, you authorize AES to elect a carrier to clear the package
and pay the import fees on your (or the recipientâs) behalf. Customs
declaration will be made on your (or the recipientâs) behalf (whichever
applicable) by the elected carrier. You can find the complete terms and
conditions of your order  here.  
  
See Amazon.in's Return Policy and Global Store's Return Policy.  
  
---  
|

This email was sent from a notification-only address that cannot accept
incoming email. Please do not reply to this message.  
  
---  
![](https://www.amazon.in/gp/r.html?C=3AWZFXYM2BTCT&K=18KQ3I5RYSQ6L&M=urn:rtn:msg:20171018181004ee61a1acd6df45ec99e4c56be630p0eu&R=2Q8AX9R3IEKJX&T=E&U=https%3A%2F%2Fimages-
eu.ssl-images-
amazon.com%2Fimages%2FG%2F01%2Fnav%2Ftransp.gif&A=XRAKB9IIWHGAFKXTAF6AXXMSIESA&H=GJXJTVS8MXZX89KWRIRA3IJ6XTGA&ref_=pe_3025041_185740121_open)
' b"Amazon.in Order Confirmation Order #171-2187808-0722739
www.amazon.in/ref=TE_tex_h
_______________________________________________________________________________________
Hello Deepanshu, Thank you for your order. Thank you for shopping with us.
We'd like to let you know that Amazon Export Sales LLC has received your
order, and is preparing it for shipment. Your estimated delivery date is
below. Your estimated delivery date is: We need a little more time to provide
you with a good estimate. We'll notify you via e-mail as soon as we have an
estimated delivery date. Your order will be sent to: Deepanshu Arora Flat No.
127(2 Floor), GH-9 Paschim Vihar New Delhi, Delhi 110087 India
=======================================================================================
Order Details Order #171-2187808-0722739 Placed on Wednesday, October 18, 2017
Rome's #1100 Old Fashioned Waffle Iron, Cast Iron Rs.1,354.16
_______________________________________________________________________________________
Item Subtotal: Rs.1,354.16 Shipping & Handling: Rs.816.13 Import Fees Deposit:
Rs.902.75 Order Total: Rs.3,073.04
=======================================================================================
Need to make changes to your order? Visit our Help page Some products have a
limited quantity available for purchase. Please see the productâs Detail
Page for the available quantity. Any orders which exceed this quantity will be
automatically canceled. We hope to see you again soon.
______________________________________________________________________________________
Amazon.in https://www.amazon.in/ref=TE_tex_h
_______________________________________________________________________________________
Please note: This email was sent from a notification-only address that cannot
accept incoming email. Please do not reply to this message." b'
![](https://www.amazon.in/gp/r.html?C=3AWZFXYM2BTCT&K=18KQ3I5RYSQ6L&M=urn:rtn:msg:20171018181004ee61a1acd6df45ec99e4c56be630p0eu&R=2Q8AX9R3IEKJX&T=O&U=https%3A%2F%2Fimages-
eu.ssl-images-
amazon.com%2Fimages%2FG%2F01%2Fnav%2Ftransp.gif&A=ZAN073D0AAQDPVFNBQIZH9ANYJ8A&H=ABQOLQAQIAZLANM3VUSJWHGYAFCA&ref_=pe_3025041_185740121_opens)
|  |  ![Amazon.in](http://g-ec2.images-
amazon.com/images/G/31/x-locale/common/amazon-logo._V13) |  |  Your Orders |
|  Your Account  |  Amazon.in  
---|---|---|---  
  
## Order Confirmation

Order #171-2187808-0722739  
  
|

### Hello Deepanshu,

Thank you for shopping with us. We'd like to let you know that Amazon Export
Sales LLC has received your order, and is preparing it for shipment.  
  
---  
|

**We need a little more time to provide you with a good estimate. We'll notify
you via e-mail as soon as we have an estimated delivery date.**

|

Your order will be sent to:  
**Deepanshu Arora  
Flat No. 127(2 Floor), GH-9  
Paschim Vihar  
New Delhi, Delhi 110087  
India **  
  
---|---  
  
### Order Details  
  
|  Order #171-2187808-0722739  
Placed on Wednesday, October 18, 2017  
---  
|  ![](https://images-na.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/I/41Yr2URe0VL._SCLZZZZZZZ__SY115_SX115_.jpg) |  Rome's #1100
Old Fashioned Waffle Iron, Cast Iron  
Sports  
![](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/G/31/ags/AGS_Badge)  
  
Sold by Amazon Export Sales LLC  

|  |  __ |  __ |  __  
---|---|---|---  
  
**Rs.2,256.91**  
  
|  
---  
Item Subtotal:  
(Includes  Import Fees Deposit  |  Rs.2,256.91  
Rs.902.75)  
  
Shipping  & Handling:  |  Rs.816.13  
  
**Order Total:** |  **Rs.3,073.04**  
|

Need to make changes to your order? Visit our Help Page for more information.  
  
  
---  
|

Some products have a limited quantity available for purchase. Please see the
productâs Detail Page for the available quantity. Any orders which exceed
this quantity will be automatically canceled.  
  
We hope to see you again soon.  
  
**Amazon.in**  
  
---  
|  |  |  Recommended for you based on Rome's #1100 Old Fashioned Waffl...  
---  
|  |  ![Lodge Logic Pre-Seasoned Cast Iron Tawa Pan -
10.5-Inch](https://images-eu.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/I/31%2B-Mm1ZI-L._AC_SL500_SS115_.jpg)  
---  
Lodge Logic Pre-Seasoned Cast Iron Tawa Pan...  
Rs. 3,549.00  
|  ![Lodge SCRAPERPK Durable Polycarbonate Pan Scrapers, Red and Black,
2-Pack](https://images-eu.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/I/41zVsMY4kJL._AC_SL500_SS115_.jpg)  
---  
Lodge SCRAPERPK Durable Polycarbonate Pan...  
Rs. 1,192.80  
|  ![The Curry Guy: Recreate over 100 of the best British Indian Restaurant
recipes at home](https://images-eu.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/I/61H8hLtVE0L._AC_SL500_SS115_.jpg)  
---  
The Curry Guy: Recreate over 100 of the best...  
Rs. 917.00  
|

Global Store items in this order are sold by Amazon Export Sales LLC (AES). By
placing your order, you authorize AES to elect a carrier to clear the package
and pay the import fees on your (or the recipientâs) behalf. Customs
declaration will be made on your (or the recipientâs) behalf (whichever
applicable) by the elected carrier. You can find the complete terms and
conditions of your order  here.  
  
See Amazon.in's Return Policy and Global Store's Return Policy.  
  
---  
|

This email was sent from a notification-only address that cannot accept
incoming email. Please do not reply to this message.  
  
---  
![](https://www.amazon.in/gp/r.html?C=3AWZFXYM2BTCT&K=18KQ3I5RYSQ6L&M=urn:rtn:msg:20171018181004ee61a1acd6df45ec99e4c56be630p0eu&R=2Q8AX9R3IEKJX&T=E&U=https%3A%2F%2Fimages-
eu.ssl-images-
amazon.com%2Fimages%2FG%2F01%2Fnav%2Ftransp.gif&A=XRAKB9IIWHGAFKXTAF6AXXMSIESA&H=GJXJTVS8MXZX89KWRIRA3IJ6XTGA&ref_=pe_3025041_185740121_open)
'

b"Amazon.in Order Confirmation Order #171-2187808-0722739
www.amazon.in/ref=TE_tex_h
_______________________________________________________________________________________
Hello Deepanshu, Thank you for your order. Thank you for shopping with us.
We'd like to let you know that Amazon Export Sales LLC has received your
order, and is preparing it for shipment. Your estimated delivery date is
below. Your estimated delivery date is: We need a little more time to provide
you with a good estimate. We'll notify you via e-mail as soon as we have an
estimated delivery date. Your order will be sent to: Deepanshu Arora Flat No.
127(2 Floor), GH-9 Paschim Vihar New Delhi, Delhi 110087 India
=======================================================================================
Order Details Order #171-2187808-0722739 Placed on Wednesday, October 18, 2017
Rome's #1100 Old Fashioned Waffle Iron, Cast Iron Rs.1,354.16
_______________________________________________________________________________________
Item Subtotal: Rs.1,354.16 Shipping & Handling: Rs.816.13 Import Fees Deposit:
Rs.902.75 Order Total: Rs.3,073.04
=======================================================================================
Need to make changes to your order? Visit our Help page Some products have a
limited quantity available for purchase. Please see the productâs Detail
Page for the available quantity. Any orders which exceed this quantity will be
automatically canceled. We hope to see you again soon.
______________________________________________________________________________________
Amazon.in https://www.amazon.in/ref=TE_tex_h
_______________________________________________________________________________________
Please note: This email was sent from a notification-only address that cannot
accept incoming email. Please do not reply to this message." b'
![](https://www.amazon.in/gp/r.html?C=3AWZFXYM2BTCT&K=18KQ3I5RYSQ6L&M=urn:rtn:msg:20171018181004ee61a1acd6df45ec99e4c56be630p0eu&R=2Q8AX9R3IEKJX&T=O&U=https%3A%2F%2Fimages-
eu.ssl-images-
amazon.com%2Fimages%2FG%2F01%2Fnav%2Ftransp.gif&A=ZAN073D0AAQDPVFNBQIZH9ANYJ8A&H=ABQOLQAQIAZLANM3VUSJWHGYAFCA&ref_=pe_3025041_185740121_opens)
|  |  ![Amazon.in](http://g-ec2.images-
amazon.com/images/G/31/x-locale/common/amazon-logo._V13) |  |  Your Orders |
|  Your Account  |  Amazon.in  
---|---|---|---  
  
## Order Confirmation

Order #171-2187808-0722739  
  
|

### Hello Deepanshu,

Thank you for shopping with us. We'd like to let you know that Amazon Export
Sales LLC has received your order, and is preparing it for shipment.  
  
---  
|

**We need a little more time to provide you with a good estimate. We'll notify
you via e-mail as soon as we have an estimated delivery date.**

|

Your order will be sent to:  
**Deepanshu Arora  
Flat No. 127(2 Floor), GH-9  
Paschim Vihar  
New Delhi, Delhi 110087  
India **  
  
---|---  
  
### Order Details  
  
|  Order #171-2187808-0722739  
Placed on Wednesday, October 18, 2017  
---  
|  ![](https://images-na.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/I/41Yr2URe0VL._SCLZZZZZZZ__SY115_SX115_.jpg) |  Rome's #1100
Old Fashioned Waffle Iron, Cast Iron  
Sports  
![](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/G/31/ags/AGS_Badge)  
  
Sold by Amazon Export Sales LLC  

|  |  __ |  __ |  __  
---|---|---|---  
  
**Rs.2,256.91**  
  
|  
---  
Item Subtotal:  
(Includes  Import Fees Deposit  |  Rs.2,256.91  
Rs.902.75)  
  
Shipping  & Handling:  |  Rs.816.13  
  
**Order Total:** |  **Rs.3,073.04**  
|

Need to make changes to your order? Visit our Help Page for more information.  
  
  
---  
|

Some products have a limited quantity available for purchase. Please see the
productâs Detail Page for the available quantity. Any orders which exceed
this quantity will be automatically canceled.  
  
We hope to see you again soon.  
  
**Amazon.in**  
  
---  
|  |  |  Recommended for you based on Rome's #1100 Old Fashioned Waffl...  
---  
|  |  ![Lodge Logic Pre-Seasoned Cast Iron Tawa Pan -
10.5-Inch](https://images-eu.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/I/31%2B-Mm1ZI-L._AC_SL500_SS115_.jpg)  
---  
Lodge Logic Pre-Seasoned Cast Iron Tawa Pan...  
Rs. 3,549.00  
|  ![Lodge SCRAPERPK Durable Polycarbonate Pan Scrapers, Red and Black,
2-Pack](https://images-eu.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/I/41zVsMY4kJL._AC_SL500_SS115_.jpg)  
---  
Lodge SCRAPERPK Durable Polycarbonate Pan...  
Rs. 1,192.80  
|  ![The Curry Guy: Recreate over 100 of the best British Indian Restaurant
recipes at home](https://images-eu.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/I/61H8hLtVE0L._AC_SL500_SS115_.jpg)  
---  
The Curry Guy: Recreate over 100 of the best...  
Rs. 917.00  
|

Global Store items in this order are sold by Amazon Export Sales LLC (AES). By
placing your order, you authorize AES to elect a carrier to clear the package
and pay the import fees on your (or the recipientâs) behalf. Customs
declaration will be made on your (or the recipientâs) behalf (whichever
applicable) by the elected carrier. You can find the complete terms and
conditions of your order  here.  
  
See Amazon.in's Return Policy and Global Store's Return Policy.  
  
---  
|

This email was sent from a notification-only address that cannot accept
incoming email. Please do not reply to this message.  
  
---  
![](https://www.amazon.in/gp/r.html?C=3AWZFXYM2BTCT&K=18KQ3I5RYSQ6L&M=urn:rtn:msg:20171018181004ee61a1acd6df45ec99e4c56be630p0eu&R=2Q8AX9R3IEKJX&T=E&U=https%3A%2F%2Fimages-
eu.ssl-images-
amazon.com%2Fimages%2FG%2F01%2Fnav%2Ftransp.gif&A=XRAKB9IIWHGAFKXTAF6AXXMSIESA&H=GJXJTVS8MXZX89KWRIRA3IJ6XTGA&ref_=pe_3025041_185740121_open)
' b"Amazon.in Order Confirmation Order #171-2187808-0722739
www.amazon.in/ref=TE_tex_h
_______________________________________________________________________________________
Hello Deepanshu, Thank you for your order. Thank you for shopping with us.
We'd like to let you know that Amazon Export Sales LLC has received your
order, and is preparing it for shipment. Your estimated delivery date is
below. Your estimated delivery date is: We need a little more time to provide
you with a good estimate. We'll notify you via e-mail as soon as we have an
estimated delivery date. Your order will be sent to: Deepanshu Arora Flat No.
127(2 Floor), GH-9 Paschim Vihar New Delhi, Delhi 110087 India
=======================================================================================
Order Details Order #171-2187808-0722739 Placed on Wednesday, October 18, 2017
Rome's #1100 Old Fashioned Waffle Iron, Cast Iron Rs.1,354.16
_______________________________________________________________________________________
Item Subtotal: Rs.1,354.16 Shipping & Handling: Rs.816.13 Import Fees Deposit:
Rs.902.75 Order Total: Rs.3,073.04
=======================================================================================
Need to make changes to your order? Visit our Help page Some products have a
limited quantity available for purchase. Please see the productâs Detail
Page for the available quantity. Any orders which exceed this quantity will be
automatically canceled. We hope to see you again soon.
______________________________________________________________________________________
Amazon.in https://www.amazon.in/ref=TE_tex_h
_______________________________________________________________________________________
Please note: This email was sent from a notification-only address that cannot
accept incoming email. Please do not reply to this message." b'
![](https://www.amazon.in/gp/r.html?C=3AWZFXYM2BTCT&K=18KQ3I5RYSQ6L&M=urn:rtn:msg:20171018181004ee61a1acd6df45ec99e4c56be630p0eu&R=2Q8AX9R3IEKJX&T=O&U=https%3A%2F%2Fimages-
eu.ssl-images-
amazon.com%2Fimages%2FG%2F01%2Fnav%2Ftransp.gif&A=ZAN073D0AAQDPVFNBQIZH9ANYJ8A&H=ABQOLQAQIAZLANM3VUSJWHGYAFCA&ref_=pe_3025041_185740121_opens)
|  |  ![Amazon.in](http://g-ec2.images-
amazon.com/images/G/31/x-locale/common/amazon-logo._V13) |  |  Your Orders |
|  Your Account  |  Amazon.in  
---|---|---|---  
  
## Order Confirmation

Order #171-2187808-0722739  
  
|

### Hello Deepanshu,

Thank you for shopping with us. We'd like to let you know that Amazon Export
Sales LLC has received your order, and is preparing it for shipment.  
  
---  
|

**We need a little more time to provide you with a good estimate. We'll notify
you via e-mail as soon as we have an estimated delivery date.**

|

Your order will be sent to:  
**Deepanshu Arora  
Flat No. 127(2 Floor), GH-9  
Paschim Vihar  
New Delhi, Delhi 110087  
India **  
  
---|---  
  
### Order Details  
  
|  Order #171-2187808-0722739  
Placed on Wednesday, October 18, 2017  
---  
|  ![](https://images-na.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/I/41Yr2URe0VL._SCLZZZZZZZ__SY115_SX115_.jpg) |  Rome's #1100
Old Fashioned Waffle Iron, Cast Iron  
Sports  
![](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/G/31/ags/AGS_Badge)  
  
Sold by Amazon Export Sales LLC  

|  |  __ |  __ |  __  
---|---|---|---  
  
**Rs.2,256.91**  
  
|  
---  
Item Subtotal:  
(Includes  Import Fees Deposit  |  Rs.2,256.91  
Rs.902.75)  
  
Shipping  & Handling:  |  Rs.816.13  
  
**Order Total:** |  **Rs.3,073.04**  
|

Need to make changes to your order? Visit our Help Page for more information.  
  
  
---  
|

Some products have a limited quantity available for purchase. Please see the
productâs Detail Page for the available quantity. Any orders which exceed
this quantity will be automatically canceled.  
  
We hope to see you again soon.  
  
**Amazon.in**  
  
---  
|  |  |  Recommended for you based on Rome's #1100 Old Fashioned Waffl...  
---  
|  |  ![Lodge Logic Pre-Seasoned Cast Iron Tawa Pan -
10.5-Inch](https://images-eu.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/I/31%2B-Mm1ZI-L._AC_SL500_SS115_.jpg)  
---  
Lodge Logic Pre-Seasoned Cast Iron Tawa Pan...  
Rs. 3,549.00  
|  ![Lodge SCRAPERPK Durable Polycarbonate Pan Scrapers, Red and Black,
2-Pack](https://images-eu.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/I/41zVsMY4kJL._AC_SL500_SS115_.jpg)  
---  
Lodge SCRAPERPK Durable Polycarbonate Pan...  
Rs. 1,192.80  
|  ![The Curry Guy: Recreate over 100 of the best British Indian Restaurant
recipes at home](https://images-eu.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/I/61H8hLtVE0L._AC_SL500_SS115_.jpg)  
---  
The Curry Guy: Recreate over 100 of the best...  
Rs. 917.00  
|

Global Store items in this order are sold by Amazon Export Sales LLC (AES). By
placing your order, you authorize AES to elect a carrier to clear the package
and pay the import fees on your (or the recipientâs) behalf. Customs
declaration will be made on your (or the recipientâs) behalf (whichever
applicable) by the elected carrier. You can find the complete terms and
conditions of your order  here.  
  
See Amazon.in's Return Policy and Global Store's Return Policy.  
  
---  
|

This email was sent from a notification-only address that cannot accept
incoming email. Please do not reply to this message.  
  
---  
![](https://www.amazon.in/gp/r.html?C=3AWZFXYM2BTCT&K=18KQ3I5RYSQ6L&M=urn:rtn:msg:20171018181004ee61a1acd6df45ec99e4c56be630p0eu&R=2Q8AX9R3IEKJX&T=E&U=https%3A%2F%2Fimages-
eu.ssl-images-
amazon.com%2Fimages%2FG%2F01%2Fnav%2Ftransp.gif&A=XRAKB9IIWHGAFKXTAF6AXXMSIESA&H=GJXJTVS8MXZX89KWRIRA3IJ6XTGA&ref_=pe_3025041_185740121_open)
'

