b'EduInfo /////////////////////////////////////////// InternTheorys Online
Summer Internship Fair Posted: 24 Feb 2018 05:00 AM PST
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/tanay69/~3/_nEBziRdXWY/?utm_source=feedburner&utm;_medium=email
Hi, I have something to share. We were recently surfing online and we spotted
something really helpful and thought of telling you more about it. We came
across an online portal, Intern Theory, which has provided internships to more
than 3 lakh students in companies like Porsche, The Times of India (TOI),
BookMyShow, Viacom18, EY, Star, Reliance, Aditya Birla & the like across more
than 45 profiles. This March, they are organising an ONLINE SUMMER INTERNSHIP
FAIR that will host internship opportunities from 10,000+ companies. Heres how
it will work: Until March 14:Â Students can register for the Fair (heres your
chance). March 15-18:Â Students can apply for as many Internships as they
like. March 19-21:Â Companies shall review your application and schedule your
interview. March 20-24:Â Interviews shall take place in the companys premises.
So within 10 days you can actually land an internship of your choice Â And the
best part? Its completely free of cost. You can register for this summer
internship here fair with this link. Weve always updated you with fruitful
deals on your education, extra-curriculars and internships. We didnt want you
to miss out on this opportunity, so here we are, writing this email to you. Go
Ahead! Your next Internship is just a click away! Regards, EduInfo. \-- You
are subscribed to email updates from "EduInfo." To stop receiving these
emails, you may unsubscribe now:
https://feedburner.google.com/fb/a/mailunsubscribe?k=5yOd9Sj_1SKwW3mBzf3E5SeJIPA
Email delivery powered by Google. Google, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain
View, CA 94043, United States ' b'

#  InternTheory's Online Summer Internship Fair

|  
---|---  
  
* * *

InternTheory's Online Summer Internship Fair

Posted: 24 Feb 2018 05:00 AM PST

Hi, I have something to share. We were recently surfing online and we spotted
something really helpful and thought of telling you more about it.

We came across an online portal, Intern Theory, which has provided internships
to more than 3 lakh students in companies like Porsche, The Times of India
(TOI), BookMyShow, Viacom18, EY, Star, Reliance, Aditya Birla & the like
across more than 45 profiles.

This March, they are organising an " **ONLINE SUMMER INTERNSHIP FAIR** " that
will host internship opportunities from 10,000+ companies.

**Here 's how it will work**:

**Until March 14** :Â Students can register for the Fair ( **here's your
chance** ).

**March 15-18:Â** Students can apply for as many Internships as they like.

**March 19-21** :Â Companies shall review your application and schedule your
interview.

**March 20-24** :Â Interviews shall take place in the company's premises.

So within 10 days you can actually land an internship of your choice
![ð](https://s.w.org/images/core/emoji/2.4/72x72/1f600.png)

Â

And the best part? It's completely free of cost.

**You can register for this summer internship here fair with this link**.

We've always updated you with fruitful deals on your education, extra-
curriculars and internships. We didn't want you to miss out on this
opportunity, so here we are, writing this email to you.
![ð](https://s.w.org/images/core/emoji/2.4/72x72/1f642.png)

Go Ahead! Your next Internship is just a click away!
![ð](https://s.w.org/images/core/emoji/2.4/72x72/1f642.png)

Regards,

EduInfo.

![](http://feeds.feedburner.com/~r/tanay69/~4/_nEBziRdXWY?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=email)  
  
---  
You are subscribed to email updates from EduInfo.  
To stop receiving these emails, you may unsubscribe now. | Email delivery
powered by Google  
---|---  
Google, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States  
  
' b'EduInfo /////////////////////////////////////////// InternTheorys Online
Summer Internship Fair Posted: 24 Feb 2018 05:00 AM PST
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/tanay69/~3/_nEBziRdXWY/?utm_source=feedburner&utm;_medium=email
Hi, I have something to share. We were recently surfing online and we spotted
something really helpful and thought of telling you more about it. We came
across an online portal, Intern Theory, which has provided internships to more
than 3 lakh students in companies like Porsche, The Times of India (TOI),
BookMyShow, Viacom18, EY, Star, Reliance, Aditya Birla & the like across more
than 45 profiles. This March, they are organising an ONLINE SUMMER INTERNSHIP
FAIR that will host internship opportunities from 10,000+ companies. Heres how
it will work: Until March 14:Â Students can register for the Fair (heres your
chance). March 15-18:Â Students can apply for as many Internships as they
like. March 19-21:Â Companies shall review your application and schedule your
interview. March 20-24:Â Interviews shall take place in the companys premises.
So within 10 days you can actually land an internship of your choice Â And the
best part? Its completely free of cost. You can register for this summer
internship here fair with this link. Weve always updated you with fruitful
deals on your education, extra-curriculars and internships. We didnt want you
to miss out on this opportunity, so here we are, writing this email to you. Go
Ahead! Your next Internship is just a click away! Regards, EduInfo. \-- You
are subscribed to email updates from "EduInfo." To stop receiving these
emails, you may unsubscribe now:
https://feedburner.google.com/fb/a/mailunsubscribe?k=5yOd9Sj_1SKwW3mBzf3E5SeJIPA
Email delivery powered by Google. Google, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain
View, CA 94043, United States ' b'

#  InternTheory's Online Summer Internship Fair

|  
---|---  
  
* * *

InternTheory's Online Summer Internship Fair

Posted: 24 Feb 2018 05:00 AM PST

Hi, I have something to share. We were recently surfing online and we spotted
something really helpful and thought of telling you more about it.

We came across an online portal, Intern Theory, which has provided internships
to more than 3 lakh students in companies like Porsche, The Times of India
(TOI), BookMyShow, Viacom18, EY, Star, Reliance, Aditya Birla & the like
across more than 45 profiles.

This March, they are organising an " **ONLINE SUMMER INTERNSHIP FAIR** " that
will host internship opportunities from 10,000+ companies.

**Here 's how it will work**:

**Until March 14** :Â Students can register for the Fair ( **here's your
chance** ).

**March 15-18:Â** Students can apply for as many Internships as they like.

**March 19-21** :Â Companies shall review your application and schedule your
interview.

**March 20-24** :Â Interviews shall take place in the company's premises.

So within 10 days you can actually land an internship of your choice
![ð](https://s.w.org/images/core/emoji/2.4/72x72/1f600.png)

Â

And the best part? It's completely free of cost.

**You can register for this summer internship here fair with this link**.

We've always updated you with fruitful deals on your education, extra-
curriculars and internships. We didn't want you to miss out on this
opportunity, so here we are, writing this email to you.
![ð](https://s.w.org/images/core/emoji/2.4/72x72/1f642.png)

Go Ahead! Your next Internship is just a click away!
![ð](https://s.w.org/images/core/emoji/2.4/72x72/1f642.png)

Regards,

EduInfo.

![](http://feeds.feedburner.com/~r/tanay69/~4/_nEBziRdXWY?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=email)  
  
---  
You are subscribed to email updates from EduInfo.  
To stop receiving these emails, you may unsubscribe now. | Email delivery
powered by Google  
---|---  
Google, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States  
  
'

b'EduInfo /////////////////////////////////////////// InternTheorys Online
Summer Internship Fair Posted: 24 Feb 2018 05:00 AM PST
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/tanay69/~3/_nEBziRdXWY/?utm_source=feedburner&utm;_medium=email
Hi, I have something to share. We were recently surfing online and we spotted
something really helpful and thought of telling you more about it. We came
across an online portal, Intern Theory, which has provided internships to more
than 3 lakh students in companies like Porsche, The Times of India (TOI),
BookMyShow, Viacom18, EY, Star, Reliance, Aditya Birla & the like across more
than 45 profiles. This March, they are organising an ONLINE SUMMER INTERNSHIP
FAIR that will host internship opportunities from 10,000+ companies. Heres how
it will work: Until March 14:Â Students can register for the Fair (heres your
chance). March 15-18:Â Students can apply for as many Internships as they
like. March 19-21:Â Companies shall review your application and schedule your
interview. March 20-24:Â Interviews shall take place in the companys premises.
So within 10 days you can actually land an internship of your choice Â And the
best part? Its completely free of cost. You can register for this summer
internship here fair with this link. Weve always updated you with fruitful
deals on your education, extra-curriculars and internships. We didnt want you
to miss out on this opportunity, so here we are, writing this email to you. Go
Ahead! Your next Internship is just a click away! Regards, EduInfo. \-- You
are subscribed to email updates from "EduInfo." To stop receiving these
emails, you may unsubscribe now:
https://feedburner.google.com/fb/a/mailunsubscribe?k=5yOd9Sj_1SKwW3mBzf3E5SeJIPA
Email delivery powered by Google. Google, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain
View, CA 94043, United States ' b'

#  InternTheory's Online Summer Internship Fair

|  
---|---  
  
* * *

InternTheory's Online Summer Internship Fair

Posted: 24 Feb 2018 05:00 AM PST

Hi, I have something to share. We were recently surfing online and we spotted
something really helpful and thought of telling you more about it.

We came across an online portal, Intern Theory, which has provided internships
to more than 3 lakh students in companies like Porsche, The Times of India
(TOI), BookMyShow, Viacom18, EY, Star, Reliance, Aditya Birla & the like
across more than 45 profiles.

This March, they are organising an " **ONLINE SUMMER INTERNSHIP FAIR** " that
will host internship opportunities from 10,000+ companies.

**Here 's how it will work**:

**Until March 14** :Â Students can register for the Fair ( **here's your
chance** ).

**March 15-18:Â** Students can apply for as many Internships as they like.

**March 19-21** :Â Companies shall review your application and schedule your
interview.

**March 20-24** :Â Interviews shall take place in the company's premises.

So within 10 days you can actually land an internship of your choice
![ð](https://s.w.org/images/core/emoji/2.4/72x72/1f600.png)

Â

And the best part? It's completely free of cost.

**You can register for this summer internship here fair with this link**.

We've always updated you with fruitful deals on your education, extra-
curriculars and internships. We didn't want you to miss out on this
opportunity, so here we are, writing this email to you.
![ð](https://s.w.org/images/core/emoji/2.4/72x72/1f642.png)

Go Ahead! Your next Internship is just a click away!
![ð](https://s.w.org/images/core/emoji/2.4/72x72/1f642.png)

Regards,

EduInfo.

![](http://feeds.feedburner.com/~r/tanay69/~4/_nEBziRdXWY?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=email)  
  
---  
You are subscribed to email updates from EduInfo.  
To stop receiving these emails, you may unsubscribe now. | Email delivery
powered by Google  
---|---  
Google, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States  
  
' b'EduInfo /////////////////////////////////////////// InternTheorys Online
Summer Internship Fair Posted: 24 Feb 2018 05:00 AM PST
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/tanay69/~3/_nEBziRdXWY/?utm_source=feedburner&utm;_medium=email
Hi, I have something to share. We were recently surfing online and we spotted
something really helpful and thought of telling you more about it. We came
across an online portal, Intern Theory, which has provided internships to more
than 3 lakh students in companies like Porsche, The Times of India (TOI),
BookMyShow, Viacom18, EY, Star, Reliance, Aditya Birla & the like across more
than 45 profiles. This March, they are organising an ONLINE SUMMER INTERNSHIP
FAIR that will host internship opportunities from 10,000+ companies. Heres how
it will work: Until March 14:Â Students can register for the Fair (heres your
chance). March 15-18:Â Students can apply for as many Internships as they
like. March 19-21:Â Companies shall review your application and schedule your
interview. March 20-24:Â Interviews shall take place in the companys premises.
So within 10 days you can actually land an internship of your choice Â And the
best part? Its completely free of cost. You can register for this summer
internship here fair with this link. Weve always updated you with fruitful
deals on your education, extra-curriculars and internships. We didnt want you
to miss out on this opportunity, so here we are, writing this email to you. Go
Ahead! Your next Internship is just a click away! Regards, EduInfo. \-- You
are subscribed to email updates from "EduInfo." To stop receiving these
emails, you may unsubscribe now:
https://feedburner.google.com/fb/a/mailunsubscribe?k=5yOd9Sj_1SKwW3mBzf3E5SeJIPA
Email delivery powered by Google. Google, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain
View, CA 94043, United States ' b'

#  InternTheory's Online Summer Internship Fair

|  
---|---  
  
* * *

InternTheory's Online Summer Internship Fair

Posted: 24 Feb 2018 05:00 AM PST

Hi, I have something to share. We were recently surfing online and we spotted
something really helpful and thought of telling you more about it.

We came across an online portal, Intern Theory, which has provided internships
to more than 3 lakh students in companies like Porsche, The Times of India
(TOI), BookMyShow, Viacom18, EY, Star, Reliance, Aditya Birla & the like
across more than 45 profiles.

This March, they are organising an " **ONLINE SUMMER INTERNSHIP FAIR** " that
will host internship opportunities from 10,000+ companies.

**Here 's how it will work**:

**Until March 14** :Â Students can register for the Fair ( **here's your
chance** ).

**March 15-18:Â** Students can apply for as many Internships as they like.

**March 19-21** :Â Companies shall review your application and schedule your
interview.

**March 20-24** :Â Interviews shall take place in the company's premises.

So within 10 days you can actually land an internship of your choice
![ð](https://s.w.org/images/core/emoji/2.4/72x72/1f600.png)

Â

And the best part? It's completely free of cost.

**You can register for this summer internship here fair with this link**.

We've always updated you with fruitful deals on your education, extra-
curriculars and internships. We didn't want you to miss out on this
opportunity, so here we are, writing this email to you.
![ð](https://s.w.org/images/core/emoji/2.4/72x72/1f642.png)

Go Ahead! Your next Internship is just a click away!
![ð](https://s.w.org/images/core/emoji/2.4/72x72/1f642.png)

Regards,

EduInfo.

![](http://feeds.feedburner.com/~r/tanay69/~4/_nEBziRdXWY?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=email)  
  
---  
You are subscribed to email updates from EduInfo.  
To stop receiving these emails, you may unsubscribe now. | Email delivery
powered by Google  
---|---  
Google, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States  
  
'

b'EduInfo /////////////////////////////////////////// InternTheorys Online
Summer Internship Fair Posted: 24 Feb 2018 05:00 AM PST
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/tanay69/~3/_nEBziRdXWY/?utm_source=feedburner&utm;_medium=email
Hi, I have something to share. We were recently surfing online and we spotted
something really helpful and thought of telling you more about it. We came
across an online portal, Intern Theory, which has provided internships to more
than 3 lakh students in companies like Porsche, The Times of India (TOI),
BookMyShow, Viacom18, EY, Star, Reliance, Aditya Birla & the like across more
than 45 profiles. This March, they are organising an ONLINE SUMMER INTERNSHIP
FAIR that will host internship opportunities from 10,000+ companies. Heres how
it will work: Until March 14:Â Students can register for the Fair (heres your
chance). March 15-18:Â Students can apply for as many Internships as they
like. March 19-21:Â Companies shall review your application and schedule your
interview. March 20-24:Â Interviews shall take place in the companys premises.
So within 10 days you can actually land an internship of your choice Â And the
best part? Its completely free of cost. You can register for this summer
internship here fair with this link. Weve always updated you with fruitful
deals on your education, extra-curriculars and internships. We didnt want you
to miss out on this opportunity, so here we are, writing this email to you. Go
Ahead! Your next Internship is just a click away! Regards, EduInfo. \-- You
are subscribed to email updates from "EduInfo." To stop receiving these
emails, you may unsubscribe now:
https://feedburner.google.com/fb/a/mailunsubscribe?k=5yOd9Sj_1SKwW3mBzf3E5SeJIPA
Email delivery powered by Google. Google, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain
View, CA 94043, United States ' b'

#  InternTheory's Online Summer Internship Fair

|  
---|---  
  
* * *

InternTheory's Online Summer Internship Fair

Posted: 24 Feb 2018 05:00 AM PST

Hi, I have something to share. We were recently surfing online and we spotted
something really helpful and thought of telling you more about it.

We came across an online portal, Intern Theory, which has provided internships
to more than 3 lakh students in companies like Porsche, The Times of India
(TOI), BookMyShow, Viacom18, EY, Star, Reliance, Aditya Birla & the like
across more than 45 profiles.

This March, they are organising an " **ONLINE SUMMER INTERNSHIP FAIR** " that
will host internship opportunities from 10,000+ companies.

**Here 's how it will work**:

**Until March 14** :Â Students can register for the Fair ( **here's your
chance** ).

**March 15-18:Â** Students can apply for as many Internships as they like.

**March 19-21** :Â Companies shall review your application and schedule your
interview.

**March 20-24** :Â Interviews shall take place in the company's premises.

So within 10 days you can actually land an internship of your choice
![ð](https://s.w.org/images/core/emoji/2.4/72x72/1f600.png)

Â

And the best part? It's completely free of cost.

**You can register for this summer internship here fair with this link**.

We've always updated you with fruitful deals on your education, extra-
curriculars and internships. We didn't want you to miss out on this
opportunity, so here we are, writing this email to you.
![ð](https://s.w.org/images/core/emoji/2.4/72x72/1f642.png)

Go Ahead! Your next Internship is just a click away!
![ð](https://s.w.org/images/core/emoji/2.4/72x72/1f642.png)

Regards,

EduInfo.

![](http://feeds.feedburner.com/~r/tanay69/~4/_nEBziRdXWY?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=email)  
  
---  
You are subscribed to email updates from EduInfo.  
To stop receiving these emails, you may unsubscribe now. | Email delivery
powered by Google  
---|---  
Google, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States  
  
' b'EduInfo /////////////////////////////////////////// InternTheorys Online
Summer Internship Fair Posted: 24 Feb 2018 05:00 AM PST
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/tanay69/~3/_nEBziRdXWY/?utm_source=feedburner&utm;_medium=email
Hi, I have something to share. We were recently surfing online and we spotted
something really helpful and thought of telling you more about it. We came
across an online portal, Intern Theory, which has provided internships to more
than 3 lakh students in companies like Porsche, The Times of India (TOI),
BookMyShow, Viacom18, EY, Star, Reliance, Aditya Birla & the like across more
than 45 profiles. This March, they are organising an ONLINE SUMMER INTERNSHIP
FAIR that will host internship opportunities from 10,000+ companies. Heres how
it will work: Until March 14:Â Students can register for the Fair (heres your
chance). March 15-18:Â Students can apply for as many Internships as they
like. March 19-21:Â Companies shall review your application and schedule your
interview. March 20-24:Â Interviews shall take place in the companys premises.
So within 10 days you can actually land an internship of your choice Â And the
best part? Its completely free of cost. You can register for this summer
internship here fair with this link. Weve always updated you with fruitful
deals on your education, extra-curriculars and internships. We didnt want you
to miss out on this opportunity, so here we are, writing this email to you. Go
Ahead! Your next Internship is just a click away! Regards, EduInfo. \-- You
are subscribed to email updates from "EduInfo." To stop receiving these
emails, you may unsubscribe now:
https://feedburner.google.com/fb/a/mailunsubscribe?k=5yOd9Sj_1SKwW3mBzf3E5SeJIPA
Email delivery powered by Google. Google, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain
View, CA 94043, United States ' b'

#  InternTheory's Online Summer Internship Fair

|  
---|---  
  
* * *

InternTheory's Online Summer Internship Fair

Posted: 24 Feb 2018 05:00 AM PST

Hi, I have something to share. We were recently surfing online and we spotted
something really helpful and thought of telling you more about it.

We came across an online portal, Intern Theory, which has provided internships
to more than 3 lakh students in companies like Porsche, The Times of India
(TOI), BookMyShow, Viacom18, EY, Star, Reliance, Aditya Birla & the like
across more than 45 profiles.

This March, they are organising an " **ONLINE SUMMER INTERNSHIP FAIR** " that
will host internship opportunities from 10,000+ companies.

**Here 's how it will work**:

**Until March 14** :Â Students can register for the Fair ( **here's your
chance** ).

**March 15-18:Â** Students can apply for as many Internships as they like.

**March 19-21** :Â Companies shall review your application and schedule your
interview.

**March 20-24** :Â Interviews shall take place in the company's premises.

So within 10 days you can actually land an internship of your choice
![ð](https://s.w.org/images/core/emoji/2.4/72x72/1f600.png)

Â

And the best part? It's completely free of cost.

**You can register for this summer internship here fair with this link**.

We've always updated you with fruitful deals on your education, extra-
curriculars and internships. We didn't want you to miss out on this
opportunity, so here we are, writing this email to you.
![ð](https://s.w.org/images/core/emoji/2.4/72x72/1f642.png)

Go Ahead! Your next Internship is just a click away!
![ð](https://s.w.org/images/core/emoji/2.4/72x72/1f642.png)

Regards,

EduInfo.

![](http://feeds.feedburner.com/~r/tanay69/~4/_nEBziRdXWY?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=email)  
  
---  
You are subscribed to email updates from EduInfo.  
To stop receiving these emails, you may unsubscribe now. | Email delivery
powered by Google  
---|---  
Google, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States  
  
'

b'EduInfo /////////////////////////////////////////// InternTheorys Online
Summer Internship Fair Posted: 24 Feb 2018 05:00 AM PST
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/tanay69/~3/_nEBziRdXWY/?utm_source=feedburner&utm;_medium=email
Hi, I have something to share. We were recently surfing online and we spotted
something really helpful and thought of telling you more about it. We came
across an online portal, Intern Theory, which has provided internships to more
than 3 lakh students in companies like Porsche, The Times of India (TOI),
BookMyShow, Viacom18, EY, Star, Reliance, Aditya Birla & the like across more
than 45 profiles. This March, they are organising an ONLINE SUMMER INTERNSHIP
FAIR that will host internship opportunities from 10,000+ companies. Heres how
it will work: Until March 14:Â Students can register for the Fair (heres your
chance). March 15-18:Â Students can apply for as many Internships as they
like. March 19-21:Â Companies shall review your application and schedule your
interview. March 20-24:Â Interviews shall take place in the companys premises.
So within 10 days you can actually land an internship of your choice Â And the
best part? Its completely free of cost. You can register for this summer
internship here fair with this link. Weve always updated you with fruitful
deals on your education, extra-curriculars and internships. We didnt want you
to miss out on this opportunity, so here we are, writing this email to you. Go
Ahead! Your next Internship is just a click away! Regards, EduInfo. \-- You
are subscribed to email updates from "EduInfo." To stop receiving these
emails, you may unsubscribe now:
https://feedburner.google.com/fb/a/mailunsubscribe?k=5yOd9Sj_1SKwW3mBzf3E5SeJIPA
Email delivery powered by Google. Google, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain
View, CA 94043, United States ' b'

#  InternTheory's Online Summer Internship Fair

|  
---|---  
  
* * *

InternTheory's Online Summer Internship Fair

Posted: 24 Feb 2018 05:00 AM PST

Hi, I have something to share. We were recently surfing online and we spotted
something really helpful and thought of telling you more about it.

We came across an online portal, Intern Theory, which has provided internships
to more than 3 lakh students in companies like Porsche, The Times of India
(TOI), BookMyShow, Viacom18, EY, Star, Reliance, Aditya Birla & the like
across more than 45 profiles.

This March, they are organising an " **ONLINE SUMMER INTERNSHIP FAIR** " that
will host internship opportunities from 10,000+ companies.

**Here 's how it will work**:

**Until March 14** :Â Students can register for the Fair ( **here's your
chance** ).

**March 15-18:Â** Students can apply for as many Internships as they like.

**March 19-21** :Â Companies shall review your application and schedule your
interview.

**March 20-24** :Â Interviews shall take place in the company's premises.

So within 10 days you can actually land an internship of your choice
![ð](https://s.w.org/images/core/emoji/2.4/72x72/1f600.png)

Â

And the best part? It's completely free of cost.

**You can register for this summer internship here fair with this link**.

We've always updated you with fruitful deals on your education, extra-
curriculars and internships. We didn't want you to miss out on this
opportunity, so here we are, writing this email to you.
![ð](https://s.w.org/images/core/emoji/2.4/72x72/1f642.png)

Go Ahead! Your next Internship is just a click away!
![ð](https://s.w.org/images/core/emoji/2.4/72x72/1f642.png)

Regards,

EduInfo.

![](http://feeds.feedburner.com/~r/tanay69/~4/_nEBziRdXWY?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=email)  
  
---  
You are subscribed to email updates from EduInfo.  
To stop receiving these emails, you may unsubscribe now. | Email delivery
powered by Google  
---|---  
Google, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States  
  
' b'EduInfo /////////////////////////////////////////// InternTheorys Online
Summer Internship Fair Posted: 24 Feb 2018 05:00 AM PST
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/tanay69/~3/_nEBziRdXWY/?utm_source=feedburner&utm;_medium=email
Hi, I have something to share. We were recently surfing online and we spotted
something really helpful and thought of telling you more about it. We came
across an online portal, Intern Theory, which has provided internships to more
than 3 lakh students in companies like Porsche, The Times of India (TOI),
BookMyShow, Viacom18, EY, Star, Reliance, Aditya Birla & the like across more
than 45 profiles. This March, they are organising an ONLINE SUMMER INTERNSHIP
FAIR that will host internship opportunities from 10,000+ companies. Heres how
it will work: Until March 14:Â Students can register for the Fair (heres your
chance). March 15-18:Â Students can apply for as many Internships as they
like. March 19-21:Â Companies shall review your application and schedule your
interview. March 20-24:Â Interviews shall take place in the companys premises.
So within 10 days you can actually land an internship of your choice Â And the
best part? Its completely free of cost. You can register for this summer
internship here fair with this link. Weve always updated you with fruitful
deals on your education, extra-curriculars and internships. We didnt want you
to miss out on this opportunity, so here we are, writing this email to you. Go
Ahead! Your next Internship is just a click away! Regards, EduInfo. \-- You
are subscribed to email updates from "EduInfo." To stop receiving these
emails, you may unsubscribe now:
https://feedburner.google.com/fb/a/mailunsubscribe?k=5yOd9Sj_1SKwW3mBzf3E5SeJIPA
Email delivery powered by Google. Google, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain
View, CA 94043, United States ' b'

#  InternTheory's Online Summer Internship Fair

|  
---|---  
  
* * *

InternTheory's Online Summer Internship Fair

Posted: 24 Feb 2018 05:00 AM PST

Hi, I have something to share. We were recently surfing online and we spotted
something really helpful and thought of telling you more about it.

We came across an online portal, Intern Theory, which has provided internships
to more than 3 lakh students in companies like Porsche, The Times of India
(TOI), BookMyShow, Viacom18, EY, Star, Reliance, Aditya Birla & the like
across more than 45 profiles.

This March, they are organising an " **ONLINE SUMMER INTERNSHIP FAIR** " that
will host internship opportunities from 10,000+ companies.

**Here 's how it will work**:

**Until March 14** :Â Students can register for the Fair ( **here's your
chance** ).

**March 15-18:Â** Students can apply for as many Internships as they like.

**March 19-21** :Â Companies shall review your application and schedule your
interview.

**March 20-24** :Â Interviews shall take place in the company's premises.

So within 10 days you can actually land an internship of your choice
![ð](https://s.w.org/images/core/emoji/2.4/72x72/1f600.png)

Â

And the best part? It's completely free of cost.

**You can register for this summer internship here fair with this link**.

We've always updated you with fruitful deals on your education, extra-
curriculars and internships. We didn't want you to miss out on this
opportunity, so here we are, writing this email to you.
![ð](https://s.w.org/images/core/emoji/2.4/72x72/1f642.png)

Go Ahead! Your next Internship is just a click away!
![ð](https://s.w.org/images/core/emoji/2.4/72x72/1f642.png)

Regards,

EduInfo.

![](http://feeds.feedburner.com/~r/tanay69/~4/_nEBziRdXWY?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=email)  
  
---  
You are subscribed to email updates from EduInfo.  
To stop receiving these emails, you may unsubscribe now. | Email delivery
powered by Google  
---|---  
Google, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States  
  
'

